t"date"treviewt"rating"
0t"Original review: Oct. 14, 2022"t"I am a real estate professional in Florida. I recently had a listing where the buyer used Caliber Home Loans. I have never had such a difficult transaction. I was given bad information about the status of the the loan and the requirements. The communication was terrible. Everything was delayed including the closing ----more than once! I would not recommend them to anyone."t"Rated with 1 star"
1t"Original review: Oct. 7, 2022"t"Derek ** has been great. Usually available but will get back with you if he is busy. Extremely knowledgeable and very upfront. I would recommend Derek to a friend. I hope my continued experience is as great with Caliber as it has been with Derek."t"Rated with 5 stars"
2tOriginal review: Aug. 6, 2022t"!!!No communication, raises mortgage payment due to “escrow shortage”, paid it off over the last year, payment stays the same despite the payments being done. I call customer service to figure out why, they say it’s cause I need to have them do a new escrow analysis, despite the fact the agreement was for a 12 month period and they told me NOTHING about needing to do something on my end when I agreed to the extra payment for the 12 months. So I say do the escrow analysis and ask to speak to a manager/supervisor to go over this and they put in a note for them to call me back. It’s been TWO WEEKS and no call back yet despite me trying to call them twice in that time and each time no one being “available” but they’ll add to the note on my account. Now I check and they finished the escrow analysis and it RAISED my payment again… What in the actual ** Is going on and why can’t I get some or to talk to me?!"t"Rated with 1 star"
3tOriginal review: Aug. 4, 2022t"Servicing the loan I had no complaints until I came to try and refinance with them. I worked with J.J. ** from their refinance team. At first she seemed helpful and friendly but I didn’t feel like I was getting a good deal with them. I shopped around and she had me set up on a much higher interest rate with double the closing costs than the current provider I went with. When reaching out to them to see if they could do better she became impossible to contact and lied numerous times saying that the rate the other company gave me was impossible and not locked in, etc. After deciding to go with the better deal she became very unprofessional and that department itself did every trick in the book to try and hold up my refinance."t"Rated with 1 star"
4tOriginal review: July 6, 2022t"My experience with this company was a nightmare. This company hired some stupid idiots that don't care at all for your needs. Ask for stupid things on the last minute before closing (believe me. Real stupid things. The Broker worked with me has 30 years experience and never had business with caliber before and said they are a bunch of dummies don't know what they are doing). Stay away from this people. Their only desire is make any business and they will sell your mortgage before you sign the closing. They are there just to make your life miserable, stressful and they only want make money on you doing nothing and putting no money at all. They will sell to you for ""x"" and right before closing they will sale it for ""y"". They are not a bank. Don't pay more . Look for a real bank to make your loan. DON'T RECOMMEND AT ALL... I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS ** NOT EVEN FOR MY ENEMIES... NO CALIBER!!! GET OUT CALIBER!!!"t"Rated with 1 star"
5tOriginal review: June 4, 2022t"I don't recommend this company at all. Period. Horrible customer service. They never speak clear. They pay attention to your case only if you are a good deal for them. At least that was what I felt, otherwise they just don't care about your situation. Only when I called pushing they moved some fingers, but not for long, only to make you feel they are doing something. If they reply to this comment then I will tell my story, making it more understandable, of course. PS: If there would be 0 star that would be my rating."t"Rated with 1 star"
6tOriginal review: May 18, 2022t"Back in January of 2022 the processing department incorrectly over-charged me ~$1,500 for a shortage in my escrow account; however, they then realized that this was a mistake and ""mailed me a check"" for a refund of $716. This check never arrived, which by itself was not a huge issue. The issues began when I called the customer service department to have this check resent - which they said was easy and they would get it taken care of immediately. They assured me I would get my check in 7-10 business days. We are now >3 months later and I still have not received my check."t"Rated with 1 star"
7tOriginal review: May 5, 2022t"Updated on 05/15/2022: I wrote complaint about Caliber’s fraud in transferring my property. They print off the original HELOC from the Clerk in the litigation since the transferred entity contract doesn’t exist. Told the Judge there was no contract with me and no proof the Caliber/LSF8 MPT owned the debt. The Judge told me to shut up and if I didn’t he would have his bailiff throw me out of his Court. Then entered a foreclosure order without proof of a contract. Caliber works with Rescue Investors who knock on the doors of those have a foreclosure date listed to play on the vulnerability of those being defrauded since the Justice System is fair in Texas."t"Rated with 1 star"
8tOriginal review: May 5, 2022t"Most times when I tried to pay my monthly payment through app I have bad, stressful times. When I tried to do sign in always I see session expired. Again and again. No matter day or night! Very difficult to pay my mortgage payment through this stupid app. Today May 4 2022, and I still doesn’t have access to pay my bill."t"Rated with 1 star"
9tOriginal review: March 7, 2022t"Caliber bought out our loan from the original lender we had. We've had nothing but problems with them. A few months after they bought the loan, they changed their system and asked us to be patient. That's fine. Our payment info was deleted, so we reentered it. They told us our payment didn't go through. We spent months calling and trying to fix our payment. We were told to wait and it would go through and we would not be faulted. We got late fees. Still no one would freaking take our money and we were told everything was our fault even when we had documentation of us trying to fix it. You'd think they would want to help us pay them. We are very diligent about bills, never late, and this has all been maddening. Considering refinancing just so we don't have to work with this company any more."t"Rated with 2 stars"
10tOriginal review: Feb. 15, 2022t"No interest rate is worth the poor customer service they provide and their ""new"" website that doesn't allow borrowers to control their payment amounts or timing. The automated phone system takes 5+ minutes to reach a human and 3 out of 4 people I reached couldn't answer my questions and all promised to have a manager call me and that never happened. Do yourself a favor and pay more to go with someone else."t"Rated with 1 star"
11tOriginal review: Feb. 15, 2022t"I had a mortgage with them about 7 years ago. Changed to Chase for the rates and service I got. So the Caliber loan was closed out and today I get a card in the mail from them saying I need to contact them. The house I live in now is paid for as I paid cash last year. Why would I want to contact Caliber?"t"Rated with 1 star"
12tOriginal review: Jan. 28, 2022t"My escrow should be at $380 currently as we were negative $414 last year plus $884 from the 12/21/21 payment to the new company which left a balance of $1,298 January 1, 2022 minus the $195 escrow payment we made with January payment which brought us to negative $1,102 and we were waiting on the $1,482 check which would have been deposited today and bring us to the positive $380. However, without notifying us and for no reason an extra payment to our current company of $884 was paid 1/17/2022 against the $1,102 bringing the negative balance on my end to $1,986.66."t"Rated with 1 star"
13tOriginal review: Jan. 17, 2022t"The Caliber Home/Jeffrey ** Team were Outstanding to work with. An extremely busy 2021 for my husband and I with several closings. Our Mortgage Refi with the J. ** Team was completed in a month!! And during the month of December... to add another element of “stress”, BUT we received excellent service and a loan that fit our Financial Needs!! Thank you… Frank, Jeffrey and Matt. Having closed loans with 3 mortgage lenders in 2021, professionalism, efficiency and “over the top” communication is the reason your team is successful. Thank you for your superior job on our loan. Rick & Carrie E"t"Rated with 5 stars"
14tOriginal review: Jan. 5, 2022t"I hate this lender. Especially their payment system. We have 2 loans, and every ** time I log in, it sends a text to my spouse, instead of me. They refuse to allow you to select which phone number you want their stupid security passcode text to be received at. I handle one loan, my spouse handles the other. And their independent loan officers suck too. Last year, the woman we asked to help us, totally wasted our time. I am going to refinance with another company."t"Rated with 1 star"
15tOriginal review: Dec. 29, 2021t"Very weird underwriting process. Not a company for real estate investors. They do not understand multiple properties or properties owned in separate entities! Beware! Underwriter requested to look at business bank statements and tax returns although properties owned by the S-corporation WERE NOT listed on a personal credit report or used for income to qualify for the refinance of the proposed property with Caliber. W-2 income available and property was deeded in personal name. Almost redlining tactics were being implemented for a property with a zero mortgage and an appraised value of $175,000. I have another loan with Caliber. Will refinance away from this company. Investors beware."t"Rated with 1 star"
16tOriginal review: Dec. 13, 2021t"Rhonda at Corning Caliber Loans office was super helpful and she made sure I clearly understand the entire process. She was encouraging and took initiative and helped make sure everything was finalized in a timely manner. Even after securing the loan, Rhonda was available to answer any more questions I had. I am grateful to have gotten to work with her in the process."t"Rated with 5 stars"
17tOriginal review: Dec. 9, 2021t"Had a great experience with the loan consultant David **. He has been helpful even to this day after the home has been purchased. He is Very knowledgeable and professional. During the process I felt he was doing his best to ensure the best loan for me."t"Rated with 5 stars"
18tOriginal review: Dec. 7, 2021t"John and his team did a great job working diligently through my loan and provided status every step of the way. John was always available to answer any questions I had. I would definitely use again and recommend to friends and family. :)"t"Rated with 5 stars"
19tOriginal review: Dec. 6, 2021t"Excellent company, helped us efficiently throughout the procedure. Made it easy to get through the process. The personal at Caliber were polite, courteous and friendly. The closing went quick and easy. The location was great and easy to find. We would definitely recommend caliber home loans to anyone needing a mortgage."t"Rated with 5 stars"
20tOriginal review: Nov. 29, 2021t"I was referred to Melanie with Caliber due to her experience working with VA loans. Melanie was professional, quick to respond and above all had a genuine passion for working with veterans. I would highly recommend working with Melanie and Caliber. I will forever be grateful for Melanie's consistent hard work that put me in my dream home. ~Lynn"t"Rated with 5 stars"
21tOriginal review: Nov. 29, 2021t"My first experience making a big purchase and couldn’t be happier to have such a strong support and knowledgeable team! Buying a home during such a competitive market was already hard enough but the financing and the millions of updated offer letters were never one of them. Jerry answered every question I had and provided amazing and promptly customer service."t"Rated with 5 stars"
22tOriginal review: Nov. 29, 2021t"Lynn and her team did a great job getting our refi done, locked in a great rate and saved us some money. Communication was great. I would recommend Caliber Home Loans as they get the job done quickly and very professional."t"Rated with 5 stars"
23tOriginal review: Nov. 29, 2021t"Cody and his team have helped us through multiple transactions and are amazing every time. They have great communication and friendly attitudes, I can tell they genuinely care about us and follow through with their word. We will always bring our business to Cody."t"Rated with 5 stars"
24tOriginal review: Nov. 28, 2021t"I got helped from David ** and he is definitely the best mortgage consultant. Very professional, yet friendly and processed documents in timely manner. He is respectful to others all the time and always gave me the very competitive numbers comparing to others. So.. why not choosing the Caliber Home Loans and David when you are thinking about mortgage? Fully satisfied and do appreciate their help throughout in all the mortgage process."t"Rated with 5 stars"
25tOriginal review: Nov. 27, 2021t"Everyone we dealt with during our refinance with Caliber was absolutely awesome. Friendly, knowledgeable and quick to respond to any questions asked. We had a couple extra things that needed to be done and rather than be added stress it was super easy."t"Rated with 5 stars"
26tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2021t"Frank ** and Michele ** handled our transaction in a fast and professional manner. All questions were answered and they helped me to understand my options and what worked best for us. Entire transaction was completed fast and efficiently. Would recommend the team to others."t"Rated with 5 stars"
27tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2021t"Our Rep Michelle ** went above and beyond for us. As it was my first time buying a home she made it easy and effortless and was always available for any questions we had, even while she was on vacation!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
28tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2021t"We had a very smooth experience with Caliber. Completing much of the initial work online was convenient. Staff was responsive and the final signing very well organized and completed in our home. I would recommend their services to friends. Very happy with the service we received."t"Rated with 5 stars"
29tOriginal review: Nov. 24, 2021t"Cassie and her team are the best. They make everything easy for all parties of the transaction. They are professional and explain every part of the process to the clients and agents. Besides the amazing customer service they also provide competitive rates and fees to clients."t"Rated with 5 stars"
30tOriginal review: Nov. 24, 2021t"Brandy and her team did an outstanding job with our home loan. They streamlined the process, were on point with communication and answered every question throughout. I cannot recommend them enough or thank them enough for all they did to make this process manageable."t"Rated with 5 stars"
31tOriginal review: Nov. 24, 2021t"They were all confident and knew what to do, we never had doubts regarding the process. It was friendly, concise and efficient. We originally started with them for our mortgage loan and when it came to refinancing we went through them again. Why turn away from great service and great customer experience. I have recommended friends to inquire with them to get the best experience,"t"Rated with 5 stars"
32tOriginal review: Nov. 24, 2021t"All of Caliber representatives are professional, knowledgeable and capable. Pleasant and helpful every step of the way. I believe I received the best rate and terms available for my loan and my qualifications. I am pleased with my loan and the service."t"Rated with 5 stars"
33tOriginal review: Nov. 24, 2021t"Bill ** and his team were phenomenal throughout the entire process. We had a home built over an extended period of time and they were always so responsive and were quick to answer any and all questions that we had. They were able to get us an interest rate that we never thought was possible. They made the home buying process so much easier!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
34tOriginal review: Nov. 24, 2021t"I give the Dustin ** team 5 stars because truly, my experience could not have been better. Every step of the way, Sara and Marcie were helpful, communicative, professional and enjoyable to work with. I am also a Realtor, and their team is now my most highly recommended lender partner."t"Rated with 5 stars"
35tOriginal review: Nov. 24, 2021t"Fast and very helpful. We had to buy a home from across the country and time was critical. They were always available and went above and beyond to answer questions. Attempted another loan company at roughly the same time and would not have gotten the house had we used them."t"Rated with 5 stars"
36tOriginal review: Nov. 24, 2021t"My experience with Caliber Loans was extremely favorable. They are very responsive, communicative and professional. The process was swift and smooth. I especially appreciated the digital document signing. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a painless loan process."t"Rated with 5 stars"
37tOriginal review: Nov. 24, 2021t"From the first day I contacted them they was respectful and gave Estimate for my mortgage loan on my monthly payment! Amazing with the customer service. Any time I call them they pick up my phones and answers all the questions. I feel them like a team work with me. They help me purchase my first house and they process all easy way."t"Rated with 5 stars"
38tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"I would highly recommend Michael and Rebecca. Rebecca made me feel valued and was so communicative throughout the whole process. She responded quickly and explained things in a way I could understand. I felt very supported by her. Great company and people!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
39tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"It was a pleasure to deal with the entire team from the initial contact through every step of the process. The communication was excellent and all details were taken care of. We would use them again and recommend them to family and friends."t"Rated with 5 stars"
40tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Travis and Nikki were great to work with. I used them on a refi of my personal home. Their communication and timeliness was awesome during the entire process of the transaction. When I had questions they were able to answer them and expand in areas to help me understand the best route for me to take."t"Rated with 5 stars"
41tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"What a refreshing experience we had with Caliber Home Loans! They actually looked at our application and found the best rate available. They worked with the builder to get required information. Kelvin was in touch with us constantly on the status of the loan. What a pleasant experience, customer service to the max!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
42tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"I worked with Diana ** and she made the whole process of refinancing my home so easy. I wouldn't go to anyone else! Diana is so knowledgeable, kind, easy to get in touch with, and I trust her. This whole process is so out of my element and working with Diana and Caliber made it a breeze! I highly recommend Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
43tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"I had the absolute best experience during my initial discussion with Tina **, located in your Downers Grove, Illinois location. She is incredibly intelligent, easy to work with, highly skilled, and an absolute pleasure to refer to friends and family. I’ve purchased at least seven or eight homes in my 30 years as a homeowner, and working with Tina was the absolute smoothest & by FAR best experience we’ve ever had. She’s a keeper! Caliber Home Loans is lucky to have her."t"Rated with 5 stars"
44tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Kathy was amazing. Kathy understood we have never been through this process before. She made everything as easy as possible and always gave a explanation for everything as it happened. She gets things done is in a extremely timely manner!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
45tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"My husband and I had a very good experience with Caliber. Sharon is super good when it comes to answering any questions one has. She is really on the ball. I would highly recommend Caliber to others who are looking to purchase a home."t"Rated with 5 stars"
46tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"We would recommend Caliber Home Loans, specifically, Greg ** team, to others. They were quick to respond to questions, and especially to anything that was time sensitive. All our questions were answered along the way, and they worked hard to make each step of the way as smooth as possible. We would use their services again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
47tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"We appreciate the care that Paul and his staff took in completing our mortgage refinance. It was a great experience and will save us a lot of money. If you need a mortgage, Paul ** and Caliber Mortgage should be your go-to lender."t"Rated with 5 stars"
48tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Everyone at the office was very helpful with all my questions as a first time buyer. Made me feel comfortable, not just like another number. The whole process has been a great experience, and would happily recommend family and friends."t"Rated with 5 stars"
49tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"The process with Caliber was the easiest and most enjoyable I've ever experienced. Todd ** and his team were outstanding to work with and made what is normally an arduous process very easy and a breeze. The people were nice, knew what they were doing and communicated very responsively and in simple terms."t"Rated with 5 stars"
50tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"I closed on my loan 10/11, I haven’t received loan statements, I can’t access them online it is 11/23 and my first payment is due 12/01. Last call I made I was told it would be available 11/21. This has been a stressful process."t"Rated with 2 stars"
51tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Caliber was great. They answered every question no matter how often we had one. Steve and his staff were top notch. They made the whole process a breeze. I would fully recommend them. They helped with insurance and every aspect."t"Rated with 5 stars"
52tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Andy is the best mortgage consultant I've worked with. He got me amazing rates, made the process seamless and was very responsive to questions and concerns. I would recommend Andy to anyone looking to finance or refinance a home purchase without reservation!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
53tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Had one of the most amazing and hassle free experience with Caliber and the most important thing was that they were there to answer any of my queries or questions and help out in every possible way any point of the day and time."t"Rated with 5 stars"
54tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Caliber Loans was great to work with. They really helped me out. They gave me a great loan and rate. My loan officer Christine was awesome. She also pointed me to the realtor I ended up using to buy my first house. All in all I don't think I would have had as good an experience had I went anywhere else. Their whole team was great."t"Rated with 5 stars"
55tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Shawn and the team were outstanding. They assisted every step of the way. The process was well laid out and step by step assistance was give. Deadlines and submissions were laid out in a timely manner. Highly recommend Caliber for a loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
56tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Amazing experience right from the start! The team kept me updated with progress and helped me get across the settlement table on time! Wonderful experience. I have already recommended them multiple times! I will never go with another company for any of my mortgage needs."t"Rated with 5 stars"
57tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"We've selected Caliber to perform several mortgage transaction for us after being introduced by a realtor friend. We would not think about going somewhere else for our needs.. Professional, integrity, speed, experts at what they do, highest consumer satisfaction to the end,,."t"Rated with 5 stars"
58tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Brogan went through hell and back to get us into our new home as fast as possible. Through all the difficulties and challenges, he made the process easy and efficient!! Buyer beware when signing, as they do try to slide in a disclosure form to send your phone number and email to marketers after signing with no “opt out box”."t"Rated with 5 stars"
59tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Brandon and Hannah were unbelievable in what they accomplished for our family. I will refer everyone I know to use him and his team. We knew going into this it would be tough but it got done and it was pretty much unstressful."t"Rated with 5 stars"
60tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Best mortgage company! They are extremely helpful and walk you through the entire process. They can and will get the job done for you with far better results than any other mortgage company. Great experience working with Dan's team. Great rate, straightforward, and prompt with communication."t"Rated with 5 stars"
61tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"At first we were hesitant about refinancing because of the usually tedious and drawn out process. An excellent 30-year rate done smoothly and expeditiously by Stephen ** and his associates. Our hats off to them. We are already referring other people to Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
62tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"To make a long story short we have been trying to move for 8 years and last year we thought we found the house of our dreams. We tried to get a loan through Caliber Loans and because my husband was on furlough due to Covid, we were denied the loan. Well my husband went back to work a few months ago and we decided to go ahead and see about getting a pre-approval for a new home. Both times we spoke with John ** and he tried to do everything he could possibly do to make it work even though last time didn't work out. He definitely came in clutch this time and we are now currently living in our new home! We love it so much, it's so beautiful. We still can't believe it's ours and we are so happy! I highly suggest you talk to John ** at Caliber Loans if you are looking to purchase a new home!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
63tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"John and Jessica made the process smooth and painless. They responded quickly and kept us up to date on our loan status. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a home loan. They are true professionals and care about their clients."t"Rated with 5 stars"
64tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Both Ryan and his processor Jessica, were prompt and responsive to any questions, got a great rate at a low cost. I recommend Ryan and his team to all my friends and family whenever I hear about someone buying or re-financing!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
65tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Caliber Homes was great to work with and they made the home buying process easy. Ellie answered all our questions timely and was very knowledgeable. I highly recommend Caliber Homes and we will look to work with them again for a future home purchase."t"Rated with 5 stars"
66tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Working with Michelle ** on our refinance was a great experience. Michelle was knowledgeable, helpful and went above and beyond in helping with the paperwork. She also has a great sense of humor and was very patient in answering all of our questions. The entire experience was easy and fun thanks to Michelle."t"Rated with 5 stars"
67tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Was a great experience, well done! Luke and team were great to work with. We had questions and they patiently answered and got through all of them in the time of Covid, that was a great accomplishment. Thank you for helping us refinance."t"Rated with 5 stars"
68tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Such a wonderful experience. The whole process was very painless and I can not thank Ryan and his team enough. They really helped with making sure everything was done right and on time. Not to mention how friendly everyone is. Thanks again for everything."t"Rated with 5 stars"
69tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"The experience was very pleasant. Marie ** was very professional and very kind. She spends a lot of time making sure I am comfortable and am understanding everything. I will give her 5/5 stars. I will surely recommend Caliber Home Loans! Thank you!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
70tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"We've gone through Danny ** several times now for our mortgage. He and his team are professional, courteous and always kept us up to date on where things were during the process. We would definitely recommend Caliber to our friends and family!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
71tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Ed ** was great. Professional., personable and efficient. Ed was on top of the entire process and everything was easy and understandable. We would recommend him without reservation. We were pleased with the outcome. Thank you for working with us so smoothly."t"Rated with 5 stars"
72tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Over the 32 years my wife and I have lived in our home, we have refinanced at least six (6) times. Our experience with Linda and Bob ** and their very able assistant Andrew ** has been far and away the best."t"Rated with 5 stars"
73tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Trying to access info to set up direct payments. But it will not allow my new passcode. It keep kicking me out because we used a different code during the loan process and we want to change to a different code. Please tell me how to reset my codes."t"Rated with 5 stars"
74tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"The staff at Caliber gave me a list of documents within the first few days and never deviated from that list. They made the process easy and comfortable. I didn’t research but just went to the place that I had been before, where I was treated well and with respect. I did find out at closing that I had received a great rate too!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
75tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Very good team. Fast and efficient. I would use them any time. Thanks for all your help. I purchased a house and the team helped me thrust thru, provide guidance, great service, best follow up, I highly recommend this lender."t"Rated with 5 stars"
76tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"I am grateful for the team that helped us with our home loan process. Everyone was kind, helpful and professional. It was a great experience. My wife and I have nothing but thanks and praise! Thank you so much for helping to realize our dream."t"Rated with 5 stars"
77tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Took the extra time. Follow up. Was available when needed. Kept us informed. Applied to two lenders, the other lender sent a generic email apologizing for being so far behind. If you want someone to count on, Call Heath **. I will refer him with pride. How team was very helpful and informed."t"Rated with 5 stars"
78tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Truly was a very smooth process. Although in the day before settlement a certificate was not ready which meant my closing date was delayed until the next day. Chris and Derrick were excellent in keeping me informed and ensuring I was OK during the process. I appreciate the great customer service."t"Rated with 5 stars"
79tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"If I can give 0 stars I would. My family went through terrible flooding & had to be taken out of home on a boat. The amount of stress we had to deal with was the most I have encountered in my life. From throwing out irreplaceable items to being on the phone with different insurance companies, contractors it has been a tough time. The last thing I needed was for my mortgage company to add to that. I have had to jump through hoops in order to receive all the money that I received from my flood insurance company so I can pay my contractor. It has honestly been a terrible experience & I plan to refinance both of my mortgage loans to just not be a customer of Caliber. This flood insurance procedure needs to change in the future as you are supposed to try to help your loyal customers & not add needed mental & financial strains to their lives!!"t"Rated with 1 star"
80tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Mark and his team went above and beyond, navigating offers in multiple counties on a short timeline. With Mark, his team, and Caliber Loans on our side, we are now happily lounging with our cats and puppy in our dream home. Thank you!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
81tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"It was a great experience mainly due to the expertise and friendly manner of Ashlynn **! She was there every step of the way providing support and much needed knowledge! I would not be sitting here enjoying my new home if I hadn’t had Ashlynn’s assistance!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
82tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"Rhonda, Christine and Barb were so helpful in every step of the way. Being a first time home buyer, they didn't hesitate to clarify my questions. I am so glad that I am enrolled with Caliber and very happy that we landed on our beautiful home."t"Rated with 5 stars"
83tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"I would suggest Caliber Richard ** for a home loan. He really fought for us to get our home. We had many hurdles to get over, and he helped navigate us over all of them. He maintained a professional attitude all the time."t"Rated with 5 stars"
84tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2021t"The closing on my investment home was so smooth and rapid, thank you. I would recommend you guys and use your services again. The processor was really good and knowledgeable, she was very easy to work with. I was updated through the whole process and kept inform."t"Rated with 5 stars"
85tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Cyndi ** is a legend. I was lucky enough to have an amazing real estate agent introduce me to her in a pinch. Coming from the legal and pharma world, I have a very high expectation of service. Cyndi exceeded those expectations at every mile marker."t"Rated with 5 stars"
86tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Our experience was excellent. We had a fairly quick turn around with our first home. We would highly recommend them to our friends looking for their home. Debbie, and Robby were very patient and understanding with us and helped walk us through buying our first home."t"Rated with 5 stars"
87tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Brett has now helped us with 5 loans and refi's. Both for our home and investment properties. He is completely trustworthy and exceedingly competent. He solves the problems that inevitably come up quickly. I have used other brokers before Brett but cannot imagine using another broker again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
88tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"It was a thorough process but both gentlemen there worked tirelessly on my loan. It is an overwhelming process and they both made it easy. Everyone at Caliber Loans is an absolute professional. I would recommend them for any homebuyer. Justin **"t"Rated with 5 stars"
89tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Great job with super care. Thank you so much for your service. We will recommend to other people for your standard service with confidence. I will keep my mind that in future we always contact you for great service. Me and wife will always like and thankful for services. Take care."t"Rated with 5 stars"
90tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"We received stupendous service during our refinance, with the help of our agent Matthew ** who was very knowledgeable in directing us through the entire process. Caliber Home Loans have been our provider for the past four years and always treated us with respect and dignity."t"Rated with 5 stars"
91tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Caliber financed my own private home. I had own two houses prior and Caliber was not it. Well someone always answers the phone and helps me. I need it as a single woman and disabled. What a kind group of people to have a well oiled machine and same day answers. Thank you Caliber .. Kristin, Mark, and Ryan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
92tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"I had an phenomenal experience with Doug and his team. The process was very smooth and everyone worked really hard to complete the refinance for me. I’m truly grateful and am looking forward to working with them again. So grateful for Caliber Homes and their professionalism."t"Rated with 5 stars"
93tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"The very best home purchase I have experienced in my lifetime and I owe it to Scott ** and His incredible team. Professional, courteous, thoughtful, extremely attentive. My sincere thanks. And appreciation. I speak with confidence about this company as I have purchased over 25 homes in my lifetime. I would recommend them to anyone."t"Rated with 5 stars"
94tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"I worked with loan officer Ben ** on my loan and he was a pleasure to work with. He answered every question I had in a quick and efficient manner. The loan process was very smooth working with Caliber, I would definitely work with them again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
95tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"My wife and I worked with Dharmesh and he made the process exceptionally smooth. He is extremely detail oriented, communicative, and was a pleasure to work with. I would recommend anybody in the home buying process to work with him."t"Rated with 5 stars"
96tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"We received excellent customer service. Everyone we worked with was was patient and helpful. They kept in contact with us through every step. On the rare occasions when someone wasn't able to take our call, they returned our calls very promptly. The entire refinance process went smoothly and efficiently. This is our second time using Caliber and we have recommended them to others who had the same quality service."t"Rated with 5 stars"
97tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Gus was amazing! He went way above and beyond to help us buy our new home! He walked us thru every step and even though from the very 1st application that was denied, to giving advice of what needed to be fixed to helping close in only 27 days once we were approved!! I would recommend him to everyone!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
98tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"We were so lucky to have been able to work with Adam and the team at Caliber. We have never felt more cared for from a business. They made a very stressful situation into a pleasant one and made sure to maintain in constant contact as needed. Very available, professional and treated like real people. Highly recommend. Got the best deal possible!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
99tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"My husband and I are pleased with the service that we received. Everything turned out the way we hoped it would. We would definitely refer Caliber Homes to family and friends. We appreciate your business and hope you all have a happy Thanksgiving. Thank You."t"Rated with 4 stars"
100tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"I want to say thank you to Jesus ** and his team for all the help and patience they showed me as we found our forever home! I am so grateful for their help and highly recommend their expertise! They were so happy for me and all I can say is thank you!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
101tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Hope and her team are amazing. Trust and recognize her hard work. This is my 2nd mtg with Hope. She is superb. She is all about making her clients happy as well follow up is the best. All good to say."t"Rated with 5 stars"
102tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Peter and his team were so available and kept us up on every detail. We went through him when we bought our house and went to him again to refinance. If you live in King County and are looking to buy a home I don't see how you could do much better."t"Rated with 5 stars"
103tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Caliber home loans recently got me a loan with an great interest rate to get us into the house we wanted. Jonathan ** was who I worked with and he couldn't have been more amazing. He was on it from the beginning. He was quick in processing the pre-approval information and once we went under contract he was on top of it every step of the way. He was extremely knowledgeable in his work and personable as well. In the future, I will definitely go back to Caliber and Jonathan in particular if I'm in the market to buy again. Outstanding service."t"Rated with 5 stars"
104tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"Hello, I could not be happier with the assistance I received from Marty ** and the whole Caliber team! Everyone was very easy to work with! I will recommend them every time! From the beginning to end, they were always there to help me!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
105tOriginal review: Nov. 22, 2021t"We had a great experience using Andy at Caliber to refinance our home this fall! The entire team was incredibly fast to answer our questions and turnaround everything for closing in under a month! The whole team was wonderful to work with!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
106tOriginal review: Nov. 15, 2021t"Tessie was great at explaining all the options I had, & understanding every step with the documentation/requirements I needed. The information she shares made me feel confident in my choice. From start to closing, it was an efficient and smooth process."t"Rated with 5 stars"
107tOriginal review: Nov. 14, 2021t"Mike was communicative and helpful during the process of buying our first home. His responses to our queries were timely and efficient and put us at ease as we experienced many ""firsts"" that we did not know how to navigate."t"Rated with 5 stars"
108tOriginal review: Nov. 12, 2021t"We came in with a very tight turn-around time and a pretty non-standard situation financially (poor credit due to living over-seas, but fairly well-resourced). The team at Caliber that we worked with were really fantastic and put in a huge amount of time to quickly move things along for us. Extremely grateful, I really doubt it could have been done without the amount of work they put in."t"Rated with 5 stars"
109tOriginal review: Nov. 9, 2021t"Purchased a new home using Caliber in 2017 at a 4.5% interest rate putting 30% down payment. Tried to refinance in 2021 at a lower interest rate and to take some cash out. Was never late and have never been late on any bill payment in over 35 years. Received many refinance sales letters from Caliber but when the refinance process began being offered a much lower refinance value requested I was ignored as an existing customer. Went through the process, however, paid the appraisal fee which came back much lower than Market Value (refinance amount was still 80% of the lower appraised value). "t"Rated with 1 star"
110tOriginal review: Nov. 1, 2021t"I don’t know where to start! Me and my hubby who are both vets moved down here during a pandemic with two kids and a dog, and things were stressful. So we decided to buy a home and I went through CalVet, Navy Federal, everyone and then googling veteran resources. I find Hooray Heroes and call them and they were so nice! So they put me in touch with Phana and her team and it was just wonderful. I thank God for these people, I have terrible anxiety and would call every time I think I hit a bump in the road and they would immediately calm me down lol. They got back to me quickly and were able to answer all my questions, were supportive and knew what they were talking about. They feel like close family friends now lol. "t"Rated with 5 stars"
111tOriginal review: Nov. 1, 2021t"Michelle and her Reno Team are fantastic. They will get you the best results on your loan - and process it faster than anyone else. I completely recommend them without any hesitation. I have worked with Michelle for over 20 years. She is the BEST!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
112t"Original review: Oct. 31, 2021"t"Grace and her team are wonderful! Communication was timely and understandable. When we did encounter an issue, Grace and her team were right on the matter. We thought the process was going to be a ‘headache’ but Grace and the Caliber team made the process painless. We highly recommend!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
113t"Original review: Oct. 29, 2021"t"Over the years I have done over 20 home loans for rental properties and this was by far the WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. I don't know if it was Calilber's fault, or Luther **' fault, but what I do know is that the Caliber team were useless advocates, requested the same documents over and over and over, and pissed me off repeatedly. When I escalated these problems to management, they were also useless. This torture went on for 5 months! Luckily I did my next loan which just closed, in 45 days! Yes, the fees and rates did match what they promised."t"Rated with 1 star"
114t"Original review: Oct. 28, 2021"t"The entire process with Caliber Loans and Ralph ** was fast, easy, accurate and professional. I have done refinancing before and this was by far the best experience ever. Nirvana Title was also very timely and professional. Ralph locked me in at a very competitive rate, nearly all of the paperwork was done on line which made things move along rapidly. Nirvana and Caliber have a great portal for me to see exactly where we were in the process."t"Rated with 5 stars"
115t"Original review: Oct. 28, 2021"t"Tyler was incredibly helpful, honest, and professional throughout the whole home buying process. He worked hard for us to get our first home and allowed us to speak to him and his workers every step of the way. As first time home buyers we had a lot of questions, and his patience and knowledge never made us feel like we had to make a rushed decision. He helped us through many unforeseen hurdles and made sure we closed on time. Highly Recommend!! We would use Caliber again in a heartbeat."t"Rated with 5 stars"
116t"Original review: Oct. 27, 2021"t"Caliber Home Loans provided competitive rates and helped me to get approved given my unique situation of being a recent college grad and not having started work yet. My loan officer was responsive and helped answer all of my questions. I was happy to use them when purchasing my first home."t"Rated with 4 stars"
117t"Original review: Oct. 27, 2021"t"Patricia ** from Caliber Home Loans - Kirkland, WA was nothing but amazing. Our home buying experience lasted about 10 months as we were purchasing a newly constructed home and there were many delays. Patricia did an amazing job keeping us informed on rates and was very quick to respond to our questions. As one can imagine, during such a long process many questions came up; she was a calm voice in the storm of this buying process. We are lucky/blessed to have found Patricia and Caliber Home Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
118t"Original review: Oct. 26, 2021"t"Phana and her team were amazing. They explained everything to us in amazing detail, but simply enough for us to understand. We were never blindsided by anything and felt very educated on all the steps. Everything was done promptly and efficiently. I would definitely recommend her and her team to anyone I know! I couldn't have asked for a better experience."t"Rated with 5 stars"
119t"Original review: Oct. 26, 2021"t"I am very pleased with the quick turnaround for the refinancing of my house. Ramon ** and his team were outstanding and thorough. The turnaround time from beginning to end was 2 weeks... And I was able to cash out and consolidate a couple of bills... In all saving me a nice amount of money every month when I most needed it. Thanks Ray!!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
120t"Original review: Oct. 26, 2021"t"My experience with Caliber Home Loans had been very good. I was kept up to date with every detail done and response time was very quick. I feel very confident moving forward the right choice was made with this company."t"Rated with 5 stars"
121t"Original review: Oct. 26, 2021"t"Eric with Caliber was always very responsive, and quick to provide the daily rates and numbers of what a refinance would look like. The process was handled professionally and he answered all of my questions. The signing process was easy as a notary came to our home for convenience. I'm happy to be saving money on my mortgage."t"Rated with 5 stars"
122t"Original review: Oct. 26, 2021"t"Garrett ** at Caliber Loans provided a personalized and streamlined experience for me after I struggled to obtain funding with a national lender without a local branch. Garrett and his team consistently communicated with me at every step of the way and assured that I was informed and confident about the process. I would 100% recommend Caliber!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
123t"Original review: Oct. 26, 2021"t"As a first-time homebuyer, this whole process was overwhelming and there was much that I did not understand. The guidance I received from Caliber Home Loans and from Dan ** helped me feel confident as I signed my name so many times on all the paperwork. By the final closing, I had a great understanding of what was going on and what was required of me in order to complete this process. That is all due to the endless answering of my questions by Dan and the team at Caliber Home Loans and due to their effort to communicate timely and in great detail! I can not speak highly enough of this team. 10/10 would recommend!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
124t"Original review: Oct. 26, 2021"t"Working with Jolene, Cary and the Caliber Home Loans' team was a fantastic experience. They were friendly, professional, highly knowledgeable and prompt. As a customer service fanatic, I have high expectations when it comes to service and Caliber Home Loans knocked it out of the park. I would recommend Jolene and her team for anyone looking for a mortgage in the WA area. And will definitely use them again if/when the time arises. Thanks for making my condo purchasing experience a positive one!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
125t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"Jolene and her staff worked overtime to get me a loan for a house. It was a mad scramble and they kept me on track and processed things so fast it made what seemed impossible - possible! Thanks to them I have a great new home. Highly recommend and thank you."t"Rated with 5 stars"
126t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"My loan officer Roger ** was amazing! He was extremely patient with all of my questions and concerns being a first-time buyer. He was knowledgeable, and very helpful throughout the whole process! He deserves a raise for all of his hard work!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
127t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"Robin ** is a rockstar!! We have had two other home loans through Caliber but our last purchase in September 2021 was the BEST experience of ALL times! Robin ** worked tirelessly to get us where we needed to be by when we needed to be. Robin will be top on our list for a VERY LONG time!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
128t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"I was buying a unit in a DC housing-coop and CHL was one of the approved lenders. Worked with Joel ** as the loan officer and it was a very smooth transaction. Was able to get the financing, good terms, and everything fast. Would recommend them. Their team had great communication through the whole process."t"Rated with 5 stars"
129t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"I would like to express my gratitude toward Caliber Home Loans and more specifically Brian **. I was informed throughout the process and felt comfortable knowing my loan was being handled with care. The experience and knowledge that Brian displayed was appreciated. Equally important was the willingness to work at any moment of the day to make sure the documents and deadlines were met. I would recommend Brian and Caliber to anyone looking to secure a home loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
130t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"Our experience was very good. Jeff ** was very responsive. However, it is nearing Nov. 1, when our first payment from the re-fi is due and as of yet we have received NO information from Caliber about how to send you the first mortgage payment."t"Rated with 5 stars"
131t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"Jody ** was outstanding. Our agent said he was the most informative mortgage banker he has ever dealt with. Jody always quickly responded when we had questions. Caliber's web connection to our bank account was a disaster but we got through it."t"Rated with 5 stars"
132t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"Lucy ** was so patient with me and walked with me through the entire process. I would always refer to Caliber for such a situation as I had or if there was ever anyone who simply needed to help because Lucy and Caliber was best at being patient, being kind, replying immediately and following up!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
133t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"Having wasted Two years and Thousands of dollars trying to buy a house, Martine ** from Caliber was referred to me by my Realtor Siomara **. The precision with which she works reassured me, I was in great hands. The service was outstanding. Their team had me in my own home within 30 days. I pay less now for mortgage than I did while paying rent and they were able to get me a really great interest rate. I recommend Caliber and especially Martine ** to every homebuyer, first time or not. Her experience and expertise shows that she knows exactly what she’s doing. With Caliber there is less red tape and it’s easy to follow the progress of my loan on the App. The communication is quick and easy, calls returned ASAP. I felt the Caliber team had my best interest at heart."t"Rated with 5 stars"
134t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"We HIGHLY recommend Kevin. He was highly responsive, respectful, and always super helpful. He treated us as family, really encouraging us throughout the process. He even encouraged us through difficulty with a challenging insurance agent. We cannot recommend him enough!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
135t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2021"t"In a Somewhat intimidating situation, Derek made this as easy as possible. I cannot thank him enough for helping me get everything in line for my family. The personal touch and the fact that you could tell he cared was extremely comforting."t"Rated with 5 stars"
136t"Original review: Oct. 24, 2021"t"We are very happy with the services Natalie have extended to us. She went above and beyond just to get us the best mortgage terms even making sure that terms would be extended to whoever will buy our house should we opt to sell. We highly recommend her to anyone who need mortgage."t"Rated with 5 stars"
137t"Original review: Oct. 24, 2021"t"We refinanced our residence. That went well, so we brought a 2nd home in another state. While there were many ""sell side"" issues requiring months to resolve, Caliber hung with us. We were so pleased, we refinanced an income property in a 3rd state. So Caliber is the recommendation I'll be making."t"Rated with 5 stars"
138t"Original review: Oct. 24, 2021"t"I highly recommend Sharon ** of Caliber Home Loans in Klamath Falls, Oregon. In my experience, Sharon goes above and beyond to make sure all the components of a home loan are in order. She was readily available when I had questions and provided the needed support throughout the entire transaction."t"Rated with 5 stars"
139t"Original review: Oct. 24, 2021"t"Alex and Kelli were great to work with, always kept us up to date on the status and very responsive whenever had any questions. Loan portal was easy to use and communication by phone and email was appreciated. Overall great experience getting us into our new home. Thank you! Highly recommend."t"Rated with 4 stars"
140t"Original review: Oct. 24, 2021"t"My experience with Caliber Home Loans was amazing! Especially my broker, Frank **! He made the experience so easy, and literally worked magic to get us this loan! I would 100% recommend using Caliber to everyone I know looking for a home, specifically for Frank **!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
141t"Original review: Oct. 24, 2021"t"Very professional, organized and well managed process by all of those involved in this transaction. Mr. ** was exceptional in his knowledge and customer service as the lead contact for Caliber Homes. All documents were delivered on time, accurately completed and executed on time and correctly the first time."t"Rated with 5 stars"
142t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"I enjoyed working with Jill ** and her team. I felt like they were really on top of things. I got updates and could always get a hold of someone if I had a question or concern. The whole process went smoothly and I would confidently recommend them."t"Rated with 5 stars"
143t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"I would be happy to refer Caliber mortgage to anyone who is in the market to buy a home for the first time or out of a need for health reasons. They keep you informed and equipped with information you will need to close without costing you an arm and leg for their services."t"Rated with 5 stars"
144t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Caliber Home Loans was referred to us by our Realtor as a locally run company that knew the area we were looking to buy our home and the home financing requirements well. They also had a great relationship with our realtor as well. We figured these elements would work in our favor towards getting the best home at a good price and at a low interest rate. We also had not purchased a home in 40 years and had no recent experience in the home financing game. Caliber Home Loans met and exceeded all our expectations. They did a stellar job making the home financing of our new home easy for us. Great company!"t"Rated with 4 stars"
145t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Of course, every loan has work involved. However, Hazel made the process as painless as possible. She was knowledgeable about the options available and helped us every step of the way. We are so grateful to find such an honest and efficient lender and highly recommend Caliber Home Loans!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
146t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"I was very impressed with the ease of the refi. Team ** took extra care to communicate. I had consistent updates, so we were always in the know. More impressively, Team ** pro-actively took extra time to find the best possible refi for our home. They absolutely exceeded our expectations. I would recommend them to anyone and everyone."t"Rated with 5 stars"
147t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Cole ** is THE man to see about a mortgage. He stops at nothing to get you to the closing table. As a first time buyer in this insane sellers’ market, I depended on patient, knowledgeable people to guide me through the experience. Cole went above and beyond to educate me and be available for all of my questions. He is prompt and courteous in all of his communications and can be trusted to follow through correctly for an effortless transaction in the end."t"Rated with 5 stars"
148t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"They went above and beyond and were amazing to work with! They worked so hard to help us with our loan, we will most definitely be recommending them anytime someone we know is in the process of buying a home!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
149t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Thank you very much for all your valuable help, I am happy with my new house and I totally recommend them for their efficiency and quick to solve problems and fight the best deal for me. Thanks to my salesman Raymond and Juanita for clarifying all my questions with great patience and clarity."t"Rated with 5 stars"
150t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Rosie **, with Caliber is the best. Closing was a simple and flawless process. She communicated with me being in SC and at closing it was a seem less process. Thank you Caliber for having such great people to work with. I will definitely refer Caliber, and Rosie to anyone looking to buy a house."t"Rated with 5 stars"
151t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Jack and his team went above and beyond to make this a great process. They were very quick to respond with calls or emails, and kept us informed on the timeline of everything/set expectations in advance on what was needed so that there wasn’t a rush needing documents that day which is what I had experienced in the past with other lenders. I will use Jack for any purchase for myself in the future, but will also recommended him to friends and family. My loan closed a month ago and I have given his information to three people so far."t"Rated with 5 stars"
152t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Despite a very protracted closing process, Chris and team were always super responsive and helpful. They reworked our loan multiple times over many months and couldn't have been easier to work with. Highly recommend using Caliber and team — they're great."t"Rated with 5 stars"
153t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Tom ** and his staff at Caliber Home Loans are true professionals. Their response time to questions and issues is awesome. They make one feel like a VIP! I financed my home and refinanced through Tom, and had a terrific experience both times. The original mortgage needed particular creativity when the buyer fell through on the home I was selling. Can’t say enough good things about Caliber Home loans!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
154t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"The people there are great and easy to deal with. They're fast, courteous and accurate with everything. I'd recommend them to anybody. Thank you Caliber for making our dream come true. We value all that's is been done. Thanks again twice over and over again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
155t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"I had a really pleasant experience with Caliber. They handled my file with tremendous speed, care and professionalism. I’d put Caliber in a category of exceptional. My loan officer was patient. When ever I did not explain something he’d take the time to go over it again. The women who closed my file was exceptionally professional as well and I would want to work with her again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
156t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Our experience with Whitney ** and her team couldn’t have been better. She was so helpful during the whole process and worked some serious magic in getting us to close on time. Will be recommending her and her team to anyone in need of home financing!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
157t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Tim and Joanna were superb are communicating everything about our loan and even went to great lengths to make sure our process went smooth and affordable. They were even encouraging us to go with other lenders if we find a better deal. Highly recommend!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
158t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Jennifer ** and her team were excellent to work with. We were even able to close early because of her efficiency. We are small business owners with different types of income and they were able to weed through all the numbers and get our loan done with plenty of time to spare on closing. Thank you very much!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
159t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"When we started looking for a new home, I contacted 3 Mortgage Companies looking for financing. Dave ** at Caliber Home Loans not only had the lowest rate of the 3, but he and Amber ** went above and beyond in getting our mortgage approved and closed. Buying a new home is a stressful process, but Dave and Amber took most of the stress out of the ordeal, and love our new home, and we love Dave and Amber at Caliber Home Loans, Inc. "t"Rated with 5 stars"
160t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"Working with Caliber was an exceptional experience! They were quick to notify us of everything, and very concise in requests. We never had to wait long for responses to our inquiries. Everyone was friendly, encouraging, and supportive. For all the many tasks involved in purchasing a home, Brad ** and his team made it much simpler! We are very grateful and would absolutely use Caliber again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
161t"Original review: Oct. 23, 2021"t"When using Caliber, we get regular updates about the process, next steps, timing and most importantly, understanding the financial legal paperwork. Brandon and his team are outstanding from beginning to end. If only every transaction was this seamless! They are great."t"Rated with 5 stars"
162t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Mary ** was amazing. There were some ups and downs because of the address and she fought for me. She assisted with title company and in other areas. The best agent ever! Would recommend her to anyone. Whatever commission she earned, she worked hard for!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
163t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Matt and his team enabled us to arrange financing and everything needed to successfully close escrow. We would recommend Caliber to anybody. They made a difficult process easy. When needed, they served as our counselors to help relieve any stress."t"Rated with 5 stars"
164t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Grace and her team were awesome! They handled everything from start to finish and ensured that the loan closed on time. We were very happy with her knowledge, professionalism, and communication and highly recommend her! She called us back immediately and followed up with any questions we had."t"Rated with 5 stars"
165t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"From the moment we first spoke with Jon and his team, I knew we were in good hands. Jon went above and beyond, from counseling my husband and I on our options and suggestions to help improve our financial positioning, down to working hand-in-hand with my realtor on options when the unthinkable happened and I got COVID days before our closing date. Even with that unpredicted bump in the road, everything went smoothly and perfectly and I always felt informed, empowered, and that I had the right team in my corner. Jon must also be really good at hiring people because his team is phenomenal. Kind, quick to respond, and made the entire process as easy as it can be. I honestly can’t say enough good things about Caliber. I am definitely a customer for life."t"Rated with 5 stars"
166t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"I would like to say that Caliber's loan officer Jeannie ** did an excellent job of refinancing my home. She did the same great job when we purchased the home. The steps were well laid out and contact and responses were super. I would recommend Caliber Home loans to everyone looking to buy or refinance. They have the best loan rates and service."t"Rated with 5 stars"
167t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Tim was very fast at getting our loan handled. He was always ""on top"" of everything. Very professional and pleasant to work with. No matter what my question was, he always had the correct answer and never hesitated to take my call. Even while vacationing he answered my calls!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
168t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Our VA loan was anything but easy and ordinary, but our mortgage broker, Melissa **, was truly amazing. She made everything simple and stress free and her sincere interest in helping Veterans was noticeable and appreciated. I recommend Caliber, especially Melissa, to anyone that wants a personal and fantastic experience!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
169t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"I do not know where to start with this but in short words.. Grace and her team are the dream team to work within this process and she made buying a house the most understandable and easy to navigate process and was on top of everything 100000%. Thank you Grace and the dream team!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
170t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"I would give 10 stars if I could. Lynda ** was wonderful to work with. Very professional, as well as she kept me in the loop every step of the way. She worked very hard for me and ensured my loan closed smoothly."t"Rated with 5 stars"
171t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Jaimie ** and her team are awesome! They walked me through every step and made sure everything went smoothly. She made sure I understood all the paperwork that I was signing and made the process very quick and easy. I would highly recommend them."t"Rated with 5 stars"
172t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"From my initial inquiries to the closing, I had excellent information and help from Caliber's Lafayette, Indiana staff. Tina ** and Kathryn **. Rebecca, in the home office, was also very good in explaining any forms I needed to complete. All in all, Caliber is a great company and I appreciate their assistance in making my application very easy."t"Rated with 5 stars"
173t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Steve and Tracey helped us with our first mortgage, an FHA loan five years ago, and again this year with our refinancing now that we no longer needed the Mortgage Insurance. Throughout they've been incredibly knowledgeable about our options and helpful applying them to our needs."t"Rated with 5 stars"
174t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Terra. And her crew were great!!!! Can't say enough about them and all good. Made my transition to Florida so easy, would recommend them very highly. I moved from CT where refinancing and new mortgages take so much out of you. Caliber was great every step of the way."t"Rated with 5 stars"
175t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Caliber Home Loans were wonderful. We had not purchased a home in 29 years and needed a lot of hand holding. We got that and a lot of anticipatory guidance. Stephanie was amazing. She worked to get us the best rate. She was very available, and when she wasn’t, she had other capable people covering her."t"Rated with 5 stars"
176t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"We had the best experience with Shirley **. She came recommended to us through a neighborhood business networking group. So we watched a presentation that she did and it was so educational that it empowered us to give home ownership a try! We really didn't know if we could qualify but with Shirley's guidance and skill, we did it! We love our new home and we had a very positive experience start to finish. She really holds your hand through the process even if you have very little knowledge about loans & home buying."t"Rated with 5 stars"
177t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"We had worked with Caliber before on refinances, but this was a new mortgage for a major home purchase. Everything went flawlessly, on time, exactly as needed. We are 100% pleased with Caliber and offer our highest recommendation. Khalisa and Alyssa made for the perfect team to see us through to a successful home purchase. They were professional and friendly, and their communications were spot on."t"Rated with 5 stars"
178t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"We are so happy we went with Caliber Home Loans as our lender and could not have received better customer service and loan pricing. Thank you for making each step of the mortgage process seamless and easy for us, especially as a young family."t"Rated with 5 stars"
179t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"I found Nikki ** and her team on Zillow and I'm so grateful that I did. My mortgage loan process was seamless. Her team stayed on top of everything and kept on schedule. I really appreciate how the experience has been and have been spreading the word of how great Nikki **, her team and Caliber Loans have been wonderful!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
180t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"I worked with Michael ** on a new Home Loan for a ~$2M home we purchased in the Fall of 2021. Michael was very professional and responsive during our Loan interactions. When there were delays associated with the Appraisal Michael worked to push the process along, allowing us to close as scheduled and avoiding extra costs. Michael made sure I understood all steps in the Home Loan Application process, and answered my many questions. In the end we got a great Loan & Rate and we are very happy Caliber Home Loans customers. If we do this again I would definitely use Caliber Home Loans, and plan to recommend them to Friends and acquaintances."t"Rated with 5 stars"
181t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Very professional team, answered all questions quickly. Seemed like a fairly easy process and very comfortable with the group that was taking care of me. Would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a good reputable place to do their home finance or refinance."t"Rated with 5 stars"
182t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Julie always does a fantastic job! Never had a glitch or hiccup ever! Highly recommended! In fact we always use Caliber! Such an easy and seamless process! Thanks again Caliber. We will never ever use another company for a mortgage. They’re the best of the best!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
183t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"I had a great experience with getting my home loan from Caliber. Cesar ** was the absolute best and walked me through the whole process. He made the home buying experience a pleasant one. Everything was fast and smooth. Very happy with my experience."t"Rated with 5 stars"
184t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"I had a great experience. My loan officer Jen ** was amazing. She kept me informed at all times and helped me take advantage of the products that would help me the most in order to buy a property. She also helped informed me of the government assistance. I was able to get a grant thanks to Jen."t"Rated with 5 stars"
185t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Alek was incredible with the process. I had communication the entire length of the process and it was done in a timely manner. Would totally recommend using Caliber Home Loans and will use them again in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
186t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Dawn, Christina and Heather were outstanding...and patient, as our new construction was delayed several times. Kudos to Caliber Loans. The provided competitive rates and always demonstrated a sense of urgency to assist us. Nice job and I would highly recommend to anyone!!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
187t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Easy to work with refi my house three times. Casey team was great, very helpful, hassle free. I would recommend them to anybody. Always answer all my questions. Did everything I asked. No complaints at all. They did all the paperwork. I hardly had to do anything."t"Rated with 5 stars"
188t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"We highly recommend Caliber Home Loans to everyone looking to buy a home or refinance. Their attention to detail, customer service and speed are exceptional.  I wish we had another transaction to do with them we would be calling them today."t"Rated with 5 stars"
189t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Used for new home, went well, so I used for refinance as well. Excellent staff, quick workers. I appreciate all of their help and will use them again in the future. Will recommend them to others as well that need help with loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
190t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Caliber Home Loans was able to get us approved for an FHA loan amount higher than two other companies and a lower interest rate. Melonny ** had a plan to help us get a FHA loan that we were able to afford from the very first phone call. Her partner Mitchell was very helpful and was always quick to respond. Overall we had a great experience and will recommend to others."t"Rated with 5 stars"
191t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Tessie was the greatest.... She explained everything to me, she ran numbers to make sure it will work. I recommend her to everyone... The whole process from start to finish was so easy!!!! I closed quick. Thanks again Tessie...."t"Rated with 5 stars"
192t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"I not only financed my home with Ryan ** of Caliber Home Loans but I refinanced. I didn’t know much about home loans when I purchased my home and Ryan ran through everything with me making it as easy to understand as possible. When I wanted to refinance I knew exactly who I wanted to work with. He’s easy to talk to, hard working, and has a great team working with him. I’ve very satisfied with my experience."t"Rated with 5 stars"
193t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"My experience to refinance was met with exceptional professionalism throughout the entire process. Starting with clear expectations and communication updates from Angela, Jessica and Jaime. I was kept updated on the process via Caliber’s automated system and able to save money on my monthly mortgage. Highly recommend!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
194t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Katie ** was AMAZING! She took the time to explain the entire process and, as a first time homebuyer, I needed a lot explained! I went from a walk through to my closing (with an FHA approved loan) in 3 weeks! I would recommend Caliber to anyone."t"Rated with 5 stars"
195t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"The entire process was smooth and easy. Highly recommend! They made the move out of state so easy and made a stressful move easy! Luke and his team were especially helpful. They kept us informed of every step and were such a pleasure to work with!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
196t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"My first time buying home through Caliber Home Loans was more than great. Ali ** is Caliber Home Loans officer with a lot of experiences, he communicate information clearly without confusion. More importantly, the whole buying process was fast and efficient and would recommend Caliber Home Loans for first home buyers."t"Rated with 5 stars"
197t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"They were very helpful and told us exactly what/when we needed to provide information for our loan. The whole process went very smoothly with no stress. We came from out of state and entrusted them with our loan and we were pleased with them and will use them in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
198t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Corey ** is the best there's ever been. Saved me a ton of money and credit score jumped 20 points. I'd recommend Corey to any of my family or closest friends. Easy to work with, and he got it done quick."t"Rated with 5 stars"
199t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"My experience with Caliber Home Loans was wonderful. My loan officer was always there to help with any questions that I had. It was a very quick and easy process. I will definitely recommend Caliber Home Loans to any and all friends looking to purchase a new home."t"Rated with 5 stars"
200t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Caliber and Scott were so awesome and informative throughout the entire process. They helped educate us for each step along the way. First timers, here! This is A+ service. We will be definitely recommending Scott and Caliber to everyone we know! Thank you for getting us in our dream home!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
201t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"The entire process of purchasing a home through Caliber was a very positive experience. Rosie was great to work with and answered all my questions. Everyone was great to work with and the process went very smoothly. I would highly recommend Caliber to anyone!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
202t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Our team was amazing, efficient, fair, and prompt. They made our deal to purchase a house very easy and within some serious time constraints. From first call to closing it was at about 19 days. The team kept us informed at every step of the transaction and really made us feel like we were a priority to them."t"Rated with 5 stars"
203t"Original review: Oct. 22, 2021"t"Lee was helpful, responsive, answered all my questions and helped us find the best option for us. When I had questions after our mortgage was approved, I was able to get them answered promptly. I'd be glad to use Caliber Loans again if I ever needed to refinance or purchase a new property."t"Rated with 5 stars"
204t"Original review: Oct. 2, 2021"t"Debbie is truly AMAZING! One of the nicest people I have worked with in a long time. I received excellent service. She was professional, accurate and available anytime I needed her. Her work ethic is so impressive that even my realtor wants to work with her again! Most importantly she made me feel like someone cared, JOB WELL DONE!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
205t"Original review: Sept. 25, 2021"t"My wife and I purchased our new home through Caliber Home Loans in 2017 then refinanced in 2021. Tim ** made the home buying process clear, concise, and smooth, and our home loan was funded fast with no problems or delays as was our refi. Everyone we dealt with was knowledgeable, courteous, and helpful. We highly recommend Caliber Home Loans for your home buying/refinance needs."t"Rated with 5 stars"
206t"Original review: Sept. 23, 2021"t"Our experience with Caliber Home Loans was the best mortgage experience that we've ever had. They were extremely helpful, detailed and responsive. Everything they said was accurate and they did not promise anything that they could not deliver. We would definitely use Caliber again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
207t"Original review: Sept. 23, 2021"t"I have the best first time home buying experience. I could not have imagined working with anyone but this team. I was able to ask as many questions as I could and they had the answer/solution to everything. They were so professional especially Jaimie **, she was the best! It was like working with a big family. I would recommend them to anyone and work with them in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
208t"Original review: Sept. 6, 2021"t"I worked with Jimmy **'s crew and had an excellent experience. They were knowledgeable and helped me select the right loan. They were very fast and efficient. I found working with this crew fantastic, in fact, I refi'd a second loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
209t"Original review: Sept. 4, 2021"t"For the most part we were mostly happy with the loan process. Our agent, Tom ** was great and went way above and beyond to try to make everything happen as quickly and efficiently as possible. Other staff we worked with were equally helpful too. There were several issues mostly related to the individual that came to appraise the home which could have been avoided had he asked us for information or details when he was here. Instead he submitted information that required follow-up and additional efforts to clarify those details which presented us with major angst and concern that this loan would be either delayed or possibly not completed. We had worked with Tom on several previous refinances of this property and did not have any of these issues or concerns during those processes. We are both thankful that Tom and the staff he worked with were able to assist us in getting through all these issues and completing the loan process."t"Rated with 4 stars"
210t"Original review: Sept. 2, 2021"t"I have called Caliber mortgage and get the runaround because the loan is now closed. The payment in full took place in July 2021. The original loan officer was Ben ** and he was terrific. Once the loan was paid off I think Caliber just did not care. I would my escrow refund."t"Rated with 2 stars"
211t"Original review: Sept. 1, 2021"t"Danielle & the Caliber team were very helpful throughout the process and did a great job in keeping me advised on the status and what I should expect. When one unexpected issue came up, it was dealt with promptly and efficiently. I'd certainly recommend them to anyone looking for a competitive refinance of their property!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
212tOriginal review: Aug. 31, 2021t"I got the amazing pleasure of working with Fidan and she is amazing at her job. Incredibly helpful and just honest the best person you could possibly have. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Never been more satisfied with a service."t"Rated with 5 stars"
213tOriginal review: Aug. 27, 2021t"Victor was beyond phenomenal from start to beginning. We heard of him by word of mouth and recommended him to other couples who have also used Caliber for their home loans. He made the process very easy and peaceful. He was extremely reassuring despite whatever obstacles arose during the process. He became a part of our team as we shopped for our 1st home."t"Rated with 5 stars"
214tOriginal review: Aug. 26, 2021t"This is our 2nd transaction with Daphne and both have been fantastic. She was easy to get in touch with and always helpful when we had questions. Oftentimes VA loans can be difficult but Daphne is the knowledgeable expert that you want in your corner. I cannot recommend her and the Caliber team enough."t"Rated with 5 stars"
215tOriginal review: Aug. 26, 2021t"Dealing with Caliber made our project proceed effortlessly. All parties were professional and friendly and made the whole process of converting from a Construction loan to a Conventional mortgage painless. I would highly recommend them to anyone who would be considering a mortgage co."t"Rated with 5 stars"
216tOriginal review: Aug. 25, 2021t"Recently bought a new home and and fantastic service. Can’t speak highly enough of Rocco and his team on the mortgage lending side. Also has a terrific experience with Dominique as far as recasting our loan. Thanks to Rocco and Dominique. I highly recommend you to friends."t"Rated with 5 stars"
217tOriginal review: Aug. 25, 2021t"George and his team in the Sonoma office were a pleasure to work with. Knowledgeable, friendly and professional. Made an otherwise intimidating process go smoothly. They were prompt in response and intuitive in anticipating our needs. They took extra steps to make sure we could get the best interest rates available, and were a real help during the escrow process. Highly recommend them for anyone seeking home loans in Sonoma County."t"Rated with 5 stars"
218tOriginal review: Aug. 25, 2021t"The entire Caliber team was extremely communicative, friendly, helpful, and efficient. I really felt like I was a top priority throughout the whole process. I'm convinced a miracle was performed to help me close during crunch time. Such a great experience, will definitely be coming back again, and strongly encourage others as well."t"Rated with 5 stars"
219tOriginal review: Aug. 25, 2021t"Nick Was extremely hard working and knowledgeable throughout home buying process. He was patient with us and answered questions no matter the time, day and night. He got our loan completed in under 30 days and without a delay from myself would have been sooner! We will never go with anyone else."t"Rated with 5 stars"
220tOriginal review: Aug. 24, 2021t"The team I worked with was responsive, efficient, communicative, and professional. As a first time home buyer, they explained everything I needed to know in detail and make the process very easy. They helped me determine what I could afford to purchase in this market when I was looking for homes, as well as updating any qualifications based on my new employment from a different company."t"Rated with 5 stars"
221tOriginal review: Aug. 24, 2021t"Fantastic job by Greg and his team. Always there when we needed them and answered all of our questions timely and efficiently. With a large down-payment we had lots of options, and they walked us through each of our options highlighting the positives and negatives. All around terrific job. Thanks so much!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
222tOriginal review: Aug. 23, 2021t"Would like to thank Caliber team for making things possible with our new house purchase. Everything was smooth and they were easy to deal with. Alfie did a good job with us, helping us every step of the way. Ready for us anytime. That’s one of the great traits of loan officer."t"Rated with 5 stars"
223tOriginal review: Aug. 23, 2021t"Khalisa and her team at Caliber Home Loans was the Best!! I have bought several homes in my lifetime. Everyone should be so lucky to have her take care of their financing! It can be a very stressful time, but the financing is not if you choose Khalisa at Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
224tOriginal review: Aug. 23, 2021t"The Caliber team was very knowledgeable and professional from beginning to end of my home purchase. Great customer service. Keep up the good work. Terry, Rachael, Kristie have been truly remarkable. This being my second home purchase which was a memorable experience. I surely will recommend Caliber to my friends and colleague."t"Rated with 5 stars"
225tOriginal review: Aug. 23, 2021t"We chose to work with Michael again after a great experience with refinancing another loan. Working with Michael ** is a pleasure. He's always very responsive, professional and courteous. The process went smoothly and we were always informed about next steps. I would definitely recommend Michael and Caliber to friends and family."t"Rated with 5 stars"
226tOriginal review: Aug. 22, 2021t"Adrienne and Emma were both so professional and easy to work with. They were clear in their directions and answered questions quickly without making us feel dumb. (We are from the non-computer era). We will highly recommend them especially to those over 60."t"Rated with 5 stars"
227tOriginal review: Aug. 22, 2021t"Shane literally closed the loan on our purchase and our buyer's loan in 3 weeks! I am self employed and he could not have made the process ANY easier or more efficient! One thousand percent would recommend him! He responds very quickly to calls/emails/texts and is simply a pleasure to deal with. Likewise, he had a great contact for insurance who was equally as efficient! And his rate was fantastic so you definitely DO NOT pay more for his excellent service!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
228tOriginal review: Aug. 22, 2021t"We got our loan through Caliber, I would have given a better rating if communication had been more proactive & using the website has been easier. There were issues with uploading documents & being able to check loan status. Overall I was satisfied with our team."t"Rated with 3 stars"
229tOriginal review: Aug. 22, 2021t"John ** and his team was fantastic. I felt like I was in great hands the entire time. John was easy to reach and was willing to answer any questions I had. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking to buy a new home. Thank you!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
230tOriginal review: Aug. 22, 2021t"Working with Amanda ** with Caliber Home Loans, made my home refinance easy. Amanda kept in touch with me every step of the way and the electronic processing of the documentation was seem less. Thanks to everyone who worked for me to get me refinance complete."t"Rated with 5 stars"
231tOriginal review: Aug. 22, 2021t"Jay and his team were very on the ball and organized. They kept us calm throughout our entire closing, curveballs and all! When we were at the highest point of stress, Jay would ensure us that they had everything under control and it would all be figured out. We would recommend this team to anyone."t"Rated with 5 stars"
232tOriginal review: Aug. 22, 2021t"I am having a problem with my account. I want to set up monthly and/or bi-monthly payments, at this website: https://myaccount.caliberhomeloans.com/dashboardbut when I log in, I am directed to what appears to be a loan application page. This page is requesting that I upload documents that have already been provided during our loan application process. Our loan has been approve, and home purchased. Please provide some instruction on how to set up our account for online mortgage payments."t"Rated with 4 stars"
233tOriginal review: Aug. 22, 2021t"I recently refinanced my home with Caliber Home Loans. Working with Brendan ** the whole process was fast, efficient and easy. I would easily recommend both Caliber Home Loans and Brendan to anyone who wants a home loan with the least amount of problems or inconveniences. It's so nice when a transaction goes this smoothly and is not bogged down by continual problems. For me the bonus was that I was able to complete all the paperwork, except for the actual final signing with the notary, online."t"Rated with 5 stars"
234tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"From the first contact to after closing, all Caliber representatives were incredibly helpful, forthright, and personable. I never felt like I couldn’t ask a question, always got the clarity I needed, and appreciated prompt responses. As a first time home buyer, a lot of my concerns were alleviated by both Bashir and Amanda."t"Rated with 5 stars"
235tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"I found the entire refinance process to be very smooth. The two ladies that worked on my new loan were awesome. They are sharp, capable, and professional. They were also both very patient with me as I missed a few details during the process due to having a significant hearing loss."t"Rated with 5 stars"
236tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"I was thrilled with Michelle and her team. They have a great reputation in Seattle and can close very quickly. So important to help you actually get a house in this competitive market. They were incredibly responsive, knowledgable, and so patient."t"Rated with 5 stars"
237tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Caliber was very professional, responsive and helpful in getting the mortgage completed. The team was always on top of anything that came up, as well as very responsive anytime I needed assistance. It was a nice added bonus that their rates were lower than a couple other companies I've worked with recently. Would definitely do business with them again!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
238tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"This company treated me with respect and walked me through everything so well!! They were so well organized and made the home buying process not as stressful and easier! I worked with Garrett ** and he was so awesome! They did an amazing job!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
239tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"This is my second experience with Caliber and they have been amazing both times. Ben was very patient and kind making sure to get me the best deal. I would highly recommend them for a first purchase or a refi. Thank you."t"Rated with 5 stars"
240tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Lori ** and team were amazing to work with through the refinancing process. They gave us all of our options in refinancing. We had good communication throughout the process. We felt very supported. We would definitely recommended this team again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
241tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"We were looking for a house in 2021 which was a seller’s market. It was a very difficult time to buy because of the bidding wars that happened all the time. Brad ** from Caliber Loans helped us through it. He made sure we understood every step of the process. He went above and beyond helping us secure our new home. During this time he also helped my daughter purchase her first home. Everyone we dealt with at Caliber Loans was very efficient and timely. I would definitely recommend Caliber Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
242tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Nikki, and her team, did an amazing job supporting me through the process of purchasing my first home! Nikki took the time to meet with me and explain the entire process. She was very thorough and ensured that I understood. When offers fell through, they cheered me on and encouraged me to keep trying. Nikki, and her team, go out of their way to ensure I had a successful home-buying experience!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
243tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Working with Caliber Home Loans for my refinancing was a great experience. My agent, Kaustuv, kept me informed every step of the way and was a pleasure to work with. I would recommend Caliber to family and friends for their mortgage and/or refinancing needs. I will use them for all of my future needs, as well"t"Rated with 5 stars"
244tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"My loan officer Christopher ** did an outstanding job facilitating this process for me and my family. He was always available and on time with his responses. Also, I was able to review multiple scenarios and receive guidance during the whole process. I would definitely recommend Christopher to all my friends!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
245tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"John ** was amazing, He was very knowledgeable and walked us through the entire processes from original consultation to the mortgage close date. It was a smooth and great experience. We are so happy with our new home and we could not have done it without John and Caliber Home Loans. Even through a bump along the way we felt like we were in good hands and knew it would all work out. Thank you!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
246tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Eric ** of Caliber Home Loans did an amazing job getting my mortgage refinanced twice. Mine was a complicated challenge to get approved but he did it! He took the time to answer all my questions and keep in constant contact with me thru the process."t"Rated with 5 stars"
247tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Rob ** and his team were incredibly helpful in securing an incredibly low interest refi and turning around within a few weeks helping us borrow the money we needed to purchase our second home. My husband and I will ALWAYS go to Rob first when we need financing. His team is professional, they respond quickly to questions and do an excellent job relating to other involved parties such as the escrow company and the real estate agent. I cannot recommend them enough."t"Rated with 5 stars"
248tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"My husband and I were moving cross country and because of the current housing market, we felt like we should start with getting pre-approved for our mortgage loan. Even with the 2 hour time difference, Linda and team worked diligently to help us not only understand the loan itself but the process. They also worked tirelessly to get us the best loan rate possible. It truly is because of them that we now live in a beautiful house that is perfect for us! Not even a lifetime of thanks would be sufficient!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
249tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Very pleased with the staff and service at Caliber Home Loans! They were very professional, answered all my questions and made my home buying experience a pleasure. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking to finance their home. Thanks again to my relator for suggesting them."t"Rated with 5 stars"
250tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Elizabeth was one of the most professional and knowledgeable people I have ever had the pleasure to work with. Honest and upfront and managed expectations extremely well. Always available to answer any questions and work any actions regardless of time of day of week. I will highly recommend her and the company to anyone looking to purchase a home and needs financing."t"Rated with 5 stars"
251tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"I have had nothing but an amazing experience dealing with Caliber. Jody is the best! She is open to any questions and doesn’t make you feel dumb. I would recommend them to anyone. It’s rare now to find companies that actual value customer service or just a genuine experience. We appreciated you guys!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
252tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"My experience was nothing less than amazing. I kept having lenders tell me it couldn’t be done. Caliber came in at the very last moment when I was already discouraged and ready to back out and got it done! Super grateful."t"Rated with 5 stars"
253tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Erin and her team were amazing to work with! We got a fantastic rate with no discount points and closing costs seemed reasonable/comparable to other providers we reached out to. Erin made our refi process so smooth and FAST. From the date of initial contact to closing was about 2 weeks. We would definitely work with her again and refer her to everyone we know."t"Rated with 5 stars"
254tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Everyone at Caliber helped to make our home buying process seamless! We felt very taken care of throughout the whole process. I HIGHLY recommend them to anyone who is looking to buy a home. We will definitely use them again when we purchase our next home."t"Rated with 5 stars"
255tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Katie ** was wonderful to work with and made my mortgage experience with Caliber easy, efficient, fast, and she was great at communication! I hope to work with her again and would not hesitate to recommend her to anyone looking for a home loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
256tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Amazing and personal experience! I can definitely recommend to others. They were able to help Me with everything what I needed. Fast answer. Exactly what I needed. Very Professional experience. Lourdes and Carla were amazing. I will definitely recommend and use their service again in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
257tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Beth is amazing at what she does. Very helpful, very nice, answers any questions you have at any time of day. She made the whole process smooth and easy. The whole home buying process is stressful to begin with but Beth made it a breeze and everything easy to understand. She’s just the BEST!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
258tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"The team at Caliber treated us as if we were valuable and almost family. If we had a different company I don’t think we’d be this satisfied or secure. Kevin was absolutely instrumental and I know that God had His hand in this process. Thank you everyone."t"Rated with 5 stars"
259tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"The team was able to close very quickly for our situation and accommodate us every step of the way! There wasn't ever a time where I was worried about the state of our underwriting. I highly recommend anyone in the area to look into them."t"Rated with 5 stars"
260tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans personnel came to my rescue when Rocket Mortgage tried to mess with me. They did my mortgage in only 2 weeks and we closed on time.  Brett answered every question I had and made sure I understood it all. I got a better rate with them and I'm now living in my forever home. This is the best company and group of people I've EVER dealt with. Thank you."t"Rated with 5 stars"
261tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"My husband and I bought our first home using Caliber Home Loans. Our lender Scott was amazing throughout the entire process! He was informative, answered questions thoroughly, and was readily available during the evenings, weekends, and even holidays to provide pre-approval letters so we could submit offers in this super-competitive market. I highly recommend Caliber Home Loans!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
262tOriginal review: Aug. 21, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans, specifically Ben ** and his team, were topnotch! They handled two transactions at once for me and were on top of every little detail. I could not have asked for a better experience. I would highly recommend Ben to any of my friends and family."t"Rated with 5 stars"
263tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Everything with Caliber Home Loans was more than I could have asked for. The professionalism, the knowledge, the structure and the ease of everything made the financial part of buying a home so smooth. I could not thanks Nicole or Ryan enough for the help they were able to provide me before, during, and after the purchase of my home. I honestly don't know if I could have done it without them. They truly had my back every step of the way and looked out for me in every situation. I will definitely reach out to them again for any of my financial needs."t"Rated with 5 stars"
264tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"The overall process of our refinancing went smoothly. My issue comes after the signing, when Caliber began bombarding me with mailers that each stated “final notice” on the envelope and first page. Statements and warnings like that cause panic until you open it to find they’re trying to sell you additional products from their bank. The process and agent we worked with were great. The post signing sales tactics are grossly unprofessional. If I had known this was their program before signing I would’ve likely chosen another bank."t"Rated with 3 stars"
265tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"I really enjoyed working with the Caliber team. They did a great job. The refinance closed quickly with no major issues. After closing, recently we are getting tons of junk mail related to our new mortgage. Maybe this is standard procedure these days. Our last refinance with another loan company I don't recall getting so much junk mail (snail mail). Seems I get two or three mailers for some junk ""opportunity"" for insurance etc related to Caliber.... Very tired of it."t"Rated with 4 stars"
266tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Dee ** and Holly ** are excellent loan officers. Stellar communication, knowledgeable, friendly and service oriented. I enjoy working with them. They handled my refinance very professionally and timely. They also handled my original purchase loan with the same professionalism."t"Rated with 5 stars"
267tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"I didn’t have what most would consider an “easy” loan process. The whole thing was honestly arduous. From the seller to the contractor and the covid delays. Caliber handles all of the twists and turns with ease. They made sure everything got done and through. Daryl was even able to speak Spanish with the seller so we could all get on the same page. Though we did get delayed a few times, they made sure not to lose the deal. I am now in my house and working on the renovation!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
268tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Working with Kerry and his team was really very easy and went quickly. Very accommodating and responsive. Closing process was a breeze. Have dealt with Kerry a few times with our own hone and some previously owned properties. They are so easy to working with as opposed to a few banks we worked with on equity loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
269tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"With the difficulty of buying a home out of state Greg and his team made it very easy, showed sense of urgency and fully understood our need for urgency. Made everything go smoothly and fast. Helped us close with good rate, and helped get all the documents we needed completed. Great buying experience and also great customer service."t"Rated with 5 stars"
270tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"We had gone with another mortgage company, and as a teacher, I was transitioning from one school district to another over the summer. I had all the documentation required to close our home loan and prove I was employed, but the other mortgage company dropped us! Joy was able to transfer our loan over and we got a BETTER RATE, and LOWER closing costs than with the previous company!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
271tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"My wife and I had an excellent experience with Caliber. Everyone involved in the process was professional, they took their time with us, addressing any questions we had. They made a complicated process easy. I would definitely do business with them again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
272tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Jennifer and the team were both professional and extremely helpful. Making what one would consider a tedious process, comfortable and easy. Her expertise, friendly demeanor and inclusive attitude made us feel as if we had an ally, and would recommend them highly over the larger “Box Store Mortgage” options."t"Rated with 5 stars"
273tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Great company, easy to work with and great customer service! Followed up on all details and worked to make sure our agent had all of their ends covered as well!  Would recommend working with Caliber on any new loan or re-fi to anyone!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
274tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Very grateful to be working with Elijah and his team, everything was done with exceptional professionalism, we highly recommend this team at Caliber Homes to anyone who is looking for great service, we have multiple family members who have also recently used their services and will say the same thing. Thanks again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
275tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"We had great relationship with Steve. It may not have been a smooth process but we got it done. Thanks Steve. We appreciate your help in getting us the home we wanted in time for us to get moved in and out of our rental."t"Rated with 5 stars"
276tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"I had a great experience with Caliber, they made the experience run very smoothly. If I had questions they were very quick to respond, They took the worry out of the entire experience. John was so helpful throughout the entire experience. Thank You."t"Rated with 5 stars"
277tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"From the initial consultation to the closing, all steps were made easy by this great team. All documents were reviewed, questions answered, and accepted. It was very professional and pleasant experience. It took minimal time and resulted in a a big cost savings! Thank you!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
278tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"I am very satisfied with the services from my loan provider. Also online services are very helpful and convenient. My contact person at Caliber (Roger) is a great person and easy to work with. I am so glad ended up getting my loan from Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
279tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"The payment form at https://myaccount.caliberhomeloans.com does not permit two partial payments to be made for a monthly mortgage payment. Rather, you must pay the entire amount of the mortgage. This presents a problem because my partner and I split the monthly mortgage payment evenly. Our only alternative is to mail checks in each month. I recommend that Caliber enable a multiple payment feature on their payment site."t"Rated with 2 stars"
280tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"The refinance process was simple and fast. Very pleased with the service. I have used Caliber in the past and would use them again in a heartbeat. Always professional and easy to work with. It all happened so quickly and was completed in no time."t"Rated with 5 stars"
281tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"David ** was the representative from Caliber and David’s thorough support along with David’s quick sense and respond actions made obtaining the refi seamless and easy. The additional use of online signing and receiving the application via email was very detailed and easy."t"Rated with 5 stars"
282tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Jon's dedication to keeping me informed and knowing all the options was really comforting. As a first time home buyer Jon shared a lot of insight and tips to make sure I understood the process and the order everything happens. The rest of the Caliber team kept my closing on schedule and kept me in the loop even when the sellers had delays."t"Rated with 5 stars"
283tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Loan was more difficult than I expected it to be. Joshua worked hard and diligently to get it done with great urgency. Thank you to his team it all got done in record time. I will use his team again when I sell in a couple of years."t"Rated with 4 stars"
284tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Our loan officer was consistently available to answer any questions that we had. The application process was very straightforward and the application portal itself made it easy to understand all the steps in the mortgage application process. The external partners used by Caliber Home Loans were equally knowledgeable and helpful."t"Rated with 5 stars"
285tOriginal review: Aug. 20, 2021t"Drake and Trish were exceptional during this entire process. In the beginning, Drake was very informative and make sure we knew the entire process, answered any questions we had (day or night), and made himself more than available. When Trish got involved, the great support continued. I'd recommend them 10/10 times and to any friends/family that are in the applicable area."t"Rated with 5 stars"
286tOriginal review: July 16, 2021t"Caveat emptor! I wish I'd done my homework, and read the reviews here before working with Caliber Home Loans, Inc. on a refi. My odyssey with this company began in January, 2021. Since then, I've:"t"Rated with 1 star"
287tOriginal review: July 2, 2021t"Randy ** was AMAZING with my home buying experience. I am a first time home buyer, and had so many questions about the process, what needed to happen next etc. etc. He was so patient and answered all my questions, was very responsive, and seemingly very supportive of the entire process. He was able to lock in a super low rate for me, and the whole process was seamless. I was extremely pleased with the experience, especially as a first time buyer!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
288tOriginal review: June 29, 2021t"I am a first time home buyer and was in a rush buying process. Dawn and her team worked fast and made sure we were able to get all documents needed and questions answered. They were able to close fast and we received our keys in less than a month."t"Rated with 5 stars"
289tOriginal review: June 29, 2021t"6/29/2021 - I had spoke to Rick ** about three weeks ago about refinancing our home. Rick said he was going to look into details about my employment and get back to me. Never did. If you couldn’t work with us, it would have been great to let me know, not just bIow me off. Very unprofessional in my experience."t"Rated with 1 star"
290tOriginal review: June 28, 2021t"We had such a wonderful experience with Caliber Home Loans. I highly recommend this company to anyone applying for a loan. They are knowledgeable, trustworthy, diligent, and hard workers. KUDOS to all of them who helped us, especially Todd **.???❤️"t"Rated with 5 stars"
291tOriginal review: June 23, 2021t"We have bought and sold a number of homes over the years. Some experiences were better than others, but this is one of the best. This was our first house being purchased in Washington state, therefore, there were a lot of new rules and pieces we had not encountered before. Even during a very chaotic time in the real estate market, not only did they cross every T and dot every I, they actually were able to close a week early at the seller's request. Flawless communication delivered and a good cadence. I would have no hesitation of going back and doing another mortgage with Casey and his team."t"Rated with 5 stars"
292tOriginal review: June 22, 2021t"We heard about Caliber as a referral from our buyer agent. Jennifer was really helpful during the entire process of our loan application and mortgage. Her communication was clear and she was always able to answer all my questions and understand our situation during the process. I would recommend Caliber to friends and family in case they need."t"Rated with 5 stars"
293tOriginal review: June 22, 2021t"Caliber, especially Megan **, made the buying experience relatively seamless. They were always quick to respond to my questions and took time to make sure I understood the entire process. The online system made providing data efficient and confidential. I highly recommend them!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
294tOriginal review: June 22, 2021t"Kyle **, Branch Manager, and Magon **, Production Assistant, and their team were professional, patient and helpful as they guided us through the refinancing process. We highly recommend them and will gladly turn to them in the future. They made my wife and me feel at ease and they showed that they cared for us as people -- above and beyond the paperwork!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
295tOriginal review: June 21, 2021t"You all have really done such a wonderful job in handling our getting our own home. It is so wonderful. Toby and all involved are magnificent and are still caring to our needs. Well Done and we will not hesitate to spread the word to anyone we find that need your services."t"Rated with 5 stars"
296tOriginal review: June 21, 2021t"My wife and I have worked with Will ** several times and he always offers the best service, solutions, and information. He has helped us finance our home, refinance our home, and gave us a great referral for another loan we are pursuing. I strongly recommend using Will ** at Caliber Home Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
297tOriginal review: June 21, 2021t"Our particular lender, through Caliber Home Loans, made our home buying experience understandable and manageable. CHL's website was easy to use and navigate, and seems pretty easy when it comes to monthly mortgage payments. We are definitely happy with our choice."t"Rated with 5 stars"
298tOriginal review: June 21, 2021t"Really enjoyed the entire process with Caliber. Mike ** was an excellent loan officer and treated this transaction as important as if it was for his own home. I enjoyed the thorough attention to detail with all the elements of the lending process, and the great folks at Caliber were always there if I needed any questions answered. At the end of the day, I ended up with an excellent rate, a great product, and wonderful customer service. Would absolutely do another transaction with Caliber in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
299tOriginal review: June 21, 2021t"Rachel and Valarie were absolutely topnotch! Their communication was more than I could have asked for, they were very patient with us and answered every one of our questions to put our minds at ease. In this crazy market, we were feeling pretty hopeless, until Rachel connected us with an outstanding Realtor! This Dream Team got us into a home that is exactly what we were looking for! I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND them!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
300tOriginal review: June 20, 2021t"Phana and her team are awesome. They make themselves readily available for any questions we had. They broke things down in ways that were easy to understand. This is our second time working with Phana and I highly recommend her and her team."t"Rated with 5 stars"
301tOriginal review: June 20, 2021t"I have had problems with my first payment being recorded accurately. It was recorded as NSF when my routing number was changed by employees and therefore my bank returned the ACH. The local Caliber agent was condescending and of little help. Please remove the NSF."t"Rated with 2 stars"
302tOriginal review: June 19, 2021t"This is not my first time using Caliber Home Loans, nor my first experience with my loan officer, Steve **. Steve is the definition of professional. If I was heading down the wrong path for the type of loan I was seeking, Steve would put me back on track and explain why the type loan he suggested was the right loan for me. I have a home and a condo, both with the help of Steve, his staff and Caliber. While he is always the consummate professional, he is nothing short of personable, likeable, and a humorous guy. If I ever purchase another property, rest assured, my first call is to Steve ** and Caliber Home Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
303tOriginal review: June 19, 2021t"Our experience with Caliber Financial has been a great experience, Kathie ** worked extensively to prepare us for the home buying experience. She kept us up to date and informed us of what to expect during each phase of the process. She was very knowledgeable and explained to us in layman's terms each question we presented to her. She was reassuring during the times things looked foggy and put our minds at peace. She is an exceptional person and we thank God her and Carole ** were our team leaders."t"Rated with 5 stars"
304tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"Michelle is the first person we called when we decided to refinance. She and her team are great and we will continue to use Caliber Home Loans, specifically Michelle in the future. We would be very comfortable recommending Michelle and her team to friends and family. Michelle was referred to us for our original home purchase by a friend and we are very pleased with outcome."t"Rated with 5 stars"
305tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"I had a wonderful experience working with Caliber Home Loans. When the loan company I was working with fell through, they stepped in and fixed all of the problems I had quickly, allowing me to purchase my new home in record time! When I look at purchasing a home again, I will definitely be working with them and recommending them to others."t"Rated with 5 stars"
306tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"We have always had a great experience with Caliber. Excellent customer service and very friendly staff. Would highly recommend Caliber. Very prompt responses to any and all of our questions and requests. Will only use Caliber for home mortgages. Cannot say enough about how great it is to work with Caliber!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
307tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"They were very helpful with the refinance of  **. I would recommend them to anyone. Great folks. Me being a disable vet, and seventy five years old, it was a great relief to secure this loan. Again I am truly happy and grateful to Caliber Home Loans. Thank you."t"Rated with 5 stars"
308tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"We have used Chris and his team at Caliber every time we needed a loan, and have always been 100% satisfied with the results. They are responsive and helpful, as well as clear about what can and what can´t be done. When we needed them to act fast to lock in a good rate, they gave extra time to make it happen, and servicing the loan has always been easy. We would (and have) recommend them to anyone."t"Rated with 5 stars"
309tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"One the best the best experiences I had, was working with Jennifer ** on my loan. She and Samantha did an excellent job, got my loan approved and kept me informed about any changes. Very nice, professional and caring team. Thank you for your services."t"Rated with 5 stars"
310tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"Joel ** and Mathew ** provided exceptional service and were communicative, organized, and answered any questions along the way. I would recommend and use Caliber for any future home purchases. The only issue I would have is that it would be nice if we were told where the signing was going to be held. We had to ask the title company where to meet. I don't know if that is the responsibility of Caliber but anyway, just letting you know. Thanks!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
311tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"My home loan process was very smooth especially in this post Covid time frame with issues. My loan officer and her staff knew their stuff and was on the ball to get my loan closed. I would highly recommend this company. And will use them again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
312tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"Working with Melanie **'s team at Caliber has been such a great experience. I actually just finished buying my second home using their services and I do not have a single complaint! Their communication is prompt and always helpful. They are professional, yet friendly. They will help you every step of the way and never make you feel stupid or lost in the process. I don't see myself ever utilizing or recommending anyone else for any future home purchases. 10/10"t"Rated with 5 stars"
313tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans, and more specifically, Tyler ** made my first mortgage loan application possible. You hear horror stories about buying a home, but my experience was handled with minimal difficulty. With Tyler's guidance and expertise, and because of Caliber Home Loans, I have become a happy homeowner."t"Rated with 5 stars"
314tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"Gina Gina Gina! This woman is a Godsend. My schedule is crazy with meetings all day. My wife was able to get all the information needed from Gina and her team whenever needed and relay back to me what needed to be done. She is so personable and adaptable to each person. She made it feel as if we were family and she was helping us through the process. Never was anything ever said that didn’t happen and never had to manage expectations. She needs a raise, office upgrade, something needs to be done to show appreciation for this woman because even through COVID she was there. Honestly if it wasn’t her I would have left and took my business elsewhere because I frankly don’t have the time and don’t want to deal with some robot or salesperson."t"Rated with 5 stars"
315tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"The experience with Caliber and Deb ** was amazing. It was easy, quick and would recommend Caliber to anyone looking for a new mortgage or refinance. All of our questions were answered quickly and communication was top notch. Bravo for making this a painless process! And MANY THANKS to Deb **!!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
316tOriginal review: June 18, 2021t"The process was very easy and simple. I uploaded everything when I completed the application and my job was done. Garrett and Shakita took it from there. As long as you do your part, they can work quicker for the process to go smoothly."t"Rated with 5 stars"
317tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Kara ** has all the traits you would hope for in a Loan Consultant. She's detail-oriented, a clear communicator, kind, personable, and proactive. In this market (where contingencies are waived left and right to enhance the competitiveness of an offer), Kara asks the right questions, uncovering all relevant details to help ensure (beforehand!) that everything checks out and deadlines are met. Kara is the type of person you want on your team!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
318tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Chris and his team were fantastic from end to end. From working with me on rates during the search, to helping guide me in the application to the final closing Chris and Charlie kept things moving forward. Would highly recommend to anyone."t"Rated with 5 stars"
319tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"I would highly recommend Don** and Caliber Home Loans to all of my friends and family. Don is always courteous and informative. Thank you Don for continuing to help Justin and I with our home loan needs and your A+ service."t"Rated with 5 stars"
320tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Always an excellent experience with Caliber due to, in our opinion, the professional and knowledgeable Lisa ** who has always been on top of all our loan questions and needs. We recommend anyone with the need for a mortgage loan or refinance of a mortgage loan to consider Lisa and Caliber mortgage loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
321tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Cody and the rest of the Touchette team are the best out there 100%. Easy to work with, fast to respond to any questions or concerns and inform you about every little detail along the way. I will 100% be doing more business with them."t"Rated with 5 stars"
322tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Dalila was very responsive and she always clarified all the questions for me. She has great expertise and makes the process to look easy. I do not regret working with her and I definitely recommend Caliber Home Loans if you are looking to buy a house. BTW, their portal has all options that you need for uploading documents easily and you can find all info you need with no hassle."t"Rated with 5 stars"
323tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"This is our second time using Caliber. Tasha ** was excellent and very knowledgeable. She made the process so painless. She is a true asset to Caliber Mortgage. Thank you for the awesome experience. I will recommend Caliber Mortgage to my friends and family."t"Rated with 5 stars"
324tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"We are grateful to have honest, professional, and competent loan officers. We are grateful for all the individuals who worked behind the scenes to make our transition smooth and productive! The paperwork and information that was provided by the loan officer, was easy to understand. "t"Rated with 5 stars"
325tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"My agent Neil ** at Caliber has always done right by me. The service at Caliber was seamless. I appreciate the discounted closing costs. Loan was very affordable and the rate at the lowest 3.99. this is my second refi with caliber and Neil. I would do it again if need be."t"Rated with 5 stars"
326tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Third transaction complete and just when one thinks the last one is the best, Ashlynn and her team outperforms their last stellar transaction. I can’t say thank you enough how she meticulously cares for us as customers and does her very best to make every stressful mortgage moment an easy course to navigate. Well done as always!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
327tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Lynda and her team were nothing short of a dream team. They made this home buying process so smooth and painless. She took her time to explain every detail, which was necessary because we were very “green” and had very basic knowledge."t"Rated with 5 stars"
328tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Angela and her team were great to work with. The process was much simpler than I anticipated. They guided me through the process so there were no surprises. CLOSED sooner than anticipated as well. Would use them again and definitely recommend."t"Rated with 5 stars"
329tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Thanks to Caliber Home Loans I was able to buy a new place without any headache or issues. The transaction went smoothly and thanks to the assistance of my mortgage broker I have now a better understanding of the mortgage and how it is calculate. They assisted me step by step and made it easier for me."t"Rated with 5 stars"
330tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"I was able to take advantage of tying my home mortgage in with the rest of my student loans and to finally say that I am done repaying my student loans is more of a relief than actually buying my first home - thank you for providing peace of mind during such a very stressful time for a first time home buyer."t"Rated with 5 stars"
331tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"The whole staff is amazing to help me out on this process. I was in Puerto Rico with limited access. They emailed me everything upfront I needed and as well the staff would call just to update me on it. I have purchased a few houses. I know it can be very frustrating. I will use this company again. Kelly made it an easy and was there all the way from start to finish"t"Rated with 5 stars"
332tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"I enjoyed working with Caliber very much. My loan officer Tina ** was amazing. Very knowledgeable and always there to answer my questions. She was so nice to work with and I would recommend her to everyone. Made my home buying experience easy and quick! Dream come true!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
333tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Marc ** & Mariangela ** are great. Did an excellent job and help me on every possible way. As a first-time homebuyer, they answered my questions and provide promptly help. I am very happy on my experience and will recommend to my friends for sure."t"Rated with 5 stars"
334tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Very happy with the service I received. Great communication and clear instructions on what needed to be done. Rate was good and the whole process went so fast. I think we may have broke a record! Leigh and Kevin were awesome!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
335tOriginal review: June 17, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans help me make the process for my loan quick and easy. They helped me with everything I needed and communicated with me on time and easily asked me for things to help them with. They are also quick to reach out and quick to answer any questions."t"Rated with 5 stars"
336tOriginal review: May 25, 2021t"I am Active Duty military and had just moved to another state. The Caliber refinance team sent letters and called me multiple times about a refi. I ignored the mail and calls as I was getting settled in my new home and job. As few days past and I noticed one of my checking accounts had more money than I expected. I come to find out Caliber had cancelled my automatic payments and I was 60 days delinquent. I did not receive one letter or call about my delinquent loan but I did for the refinance. I requested this to be investigated so I did not take a hit on my credit, but they said they would not fix my credit but thanked me for never missing a payment until that day. My credit was dinged, the very next day a loan officer calls me to tell me about this great deal for a refi. I won't be using them again regardless how good the initial deal is because on the long run customer service is not their focus."t"Rated with 1 star"
337tOriginal review: May 16, 2021t"Our experience went as well as possible. Amie is great at her job and that built trust for us. We got an excellent rate and had no troubles throughout the process. We would definitely work with her again and recommend you do so as well. Thank you, Amie!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
338tOriginal review: May 14, 2021t"Claudette was extremely professional, detail oriented, organized and very personable. I was kept up to date and informed every step of the way. I truly enjoyed working with Claudette and the team at Caliber. I would highly recommend them for any mortgage services and would gladly use them in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
339tOriginal review: May 11, 2021t"I am extremely satisfied with the service and personal attention given to me buy Caliber Home Loans. I will be doing more business with them in the near future. The process of purchasing my new home was made quick and easy. Thank you Tia and all of your team."t"Rated with 5 stars"
340tOriginal review: May 10, 2021t"Was very satisfied with the whole process coordinated by Writer **, my Caliber Home Loans Agent. The rate I received was a determining factor in selecting Caliber. All the people I dealt with made it easy to complete the process."t"Rated with 5 stars"
341tOriginal review: May 9, 2021t"Kyle ** and the Caliber Home Loans team were very professional and helpful with my home mortgage and subsequent refinance. They always answered my questions in a timely manner and extended every courtesy to assist me in these important processes. I would recommend them unreservedly."t"Rated with 5 stars"
342tOriginal review: May 5, 2021t"After four mortgages, I can say with great confidence that, when it comes to service and support, they are in a league of their own. Our first mortgage was a VA loan and, where others were intimidated by the more complex appraisal and closing process, they delivered with the shortest escrow we have ever ever heard of. Their team is honest, professional, and communicates clearly, and at every step of the way. They came highly recommended by a close friend and I have recommended them as well."t"Rated with 5 stars"
343tOriginal review: May 4, 2021t"I've worked numerous occasions with Peter ** and Spencer ** and they are a top-tier team. They are responsive and truly care about helping their clients and getting their loans together. I would recommend them personally and professionally for all your loan needs."t"Rated with 5 stars"
344tOriginal review: May 4, 2021t"Mike * and team did a great job making our refinance process smooth.  Our primary residence refi went so smoothly and we got such a good rate, we refi'd our investment property at the same rate. I highly recommend them for anyone with mortgage needs."t"Rated with 5 stars"
345tOriginal review: May 4, 2021t"Chris ** did a masterful job of arranging and completing our loan process. Even though our loan was a bit complicated, Chris guided us through the process and kept us fully informed throughout the process. We got a great loan at a terrific interest rate."t"Rated with 5 stars"
346tOriginal review: May 4, 2021t"Caliber had challenges during Covid like everybody else and wasn't what they were years ago for my first experience, but I kept the same agent (Britt) and was ultimately very happy with what he was able to do for me. Their website also allowed me to maintain my initial login info (and history on the old loan) for the re-fi, and ultimately despite the few delays and hiccups, I'm probably going to stick around with these guys for a long time."t"Rated with 4 stars"
347tOriginal review: May 4, 2021t"Kurt is so great to work with. He’s super on top of everything. He made the whole process really great. Highly recommend!! We have used him and his team 3 times and about to close on a 4th property. Wouldn’t go anywhere else."t"Rated with 5 stars"
348tOriginal review: May 3, 2021t"I really appreciate the teams in both Colorado and California that helped me refinance my 4 mortgages. I love working with Caliber! The responsiveness and the attention to detail made me feel comfortable with the whole process. I appreciate being able to upload documents online at my own pace."t"Rated with 5 stars"
349tOriginal review: May 3, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans is an amazing mortgage company to work with. They are in constant communication so I never had a question on what I needed to do to complete my loan application and get it done. Now that I'm done, the mortgage payments are easy to read and easy to pay online. I highly recommend Caliber Home Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
350tOriginal review: May 3, 2021t"Katie and her team provided outstanding customer service with the entire process. We thought purchasing a new home remotely would be quite challenging, but they made the experience stress-free and uncomplicated! I would highly recommend them to anyone looking to buy!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
351tOriginal review: May 3, 2021t"Cindy ** was excellent. She communicated with often and was very easy to work with. My experience with Caliber Homes was ideal and I would recommend your company to friends and family. Cindy made the process fast and easy. She is a pleasure to work with."t"Rated with 5 stars"
352tOriginal review: May 3, 2021t"Very pleasant experience dealing with Crystal **. Extremely knowledgeable and very kind. You are very lucky to have her. The loan went smooth and all questions and concerns were addressed. Would recommend her to my friends and family to Caliber loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
353tOriginal review: May 2, 2021t"This was our second experience with Team ** and frankly, we wouldn't use anyone else. The entire process went as planned, and we were made aware of the progress on a regular basis. There were no surprises and we closed ahead of schedule without glitches. We highly recommend Frank ** and his team at Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
354tOriginal review: May 2, 2021t"The team at Caliber has been amazing to work with - any bumps along the way were smoothed over. Chuck ** and his group are the best! They have been a pleasure to work with and we would recommend them to anyone looking for a mortgage."t"Rated with 5 stars"
355tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"This was first encounter with Caliber Homes, every single person that I worked with was so nice, and friendly. I was very impressed on how they conducted themselves with us, any questions we had or anything that we didn't understand they took the time to explain or walk me through the issue. Kevin and Mitch were so helpful, I wish to thank them and the Caliber Team for everything they did."t"Rated with 5 stars"
356tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"I highly recommend Caliber Home Loans. They are friendly, efficient and effective. The continually communication was helpful and comforting. I am very pleased with their process. I would encourage anyone looking to purchase or refinance a home to use Caliber Home Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
357tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"Lisa has been very responsive to any questions I have had throughout the entire process. Caliber Homes has been an awesome company to have my home loan through. The one thing that meant the most to me is that they never sold off my loan to someone else."t"Rated with 5 stars"
358tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"I started a refinance process with another bank in Sep 2020 only to be denied in Feb 2021. I was so upset, almost a 6 month process and no refi. A friend referred me to Caliber and it was a night/day experience. David & Kyle told me it was going to be ok and they would see what they could do. They came through with a refi in a little over a month. I am a happy customer and will go to them first on my next property."t"Rated with 5 stars"
359tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"Extremely helpful, fair. Willing to walk you thru every step. Great experience every time. I can count on them to keep an eye on what works best for me. If something isn't right, they offer an alternative. I would work with them again and again. I'm a very happy customer. Excellent service! Excellent Excellent Excellent."t"Rated with 5 stars"
360tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"Our loan process went very well from receiving initial quote from our Loan officer, Stacy **, all the way to a timely smooth closing. The application process was efficient and Stacy kept us informed throughout the process about our status and additional information requested. The terms were competitive and I was also very happy that I did not need to go to the Internet providers to get a great rate."t"Rated with 5 stars"
361tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"Process was quick and easy. Information shared was solid advice. I recommend my son to go through Mark and his team. Good team and good people. I did not even hesitate about refinancing through Caliber in Avon Indiana. Mark offered good advice about paying my home off quicker."t"Rated with 5 stars"
362tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"Had an amazing experience with my re-fi using Caliber Home Loans. Kevin was a rock star and walked me through the entire process. Any questions he answered quickly and he worked with me to find the best rate and loan. Highly recommend Kevin and the team at Caliber Home Loans. Thank you!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
363tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"They did it all. They made sure I was qualified. Made sure everything was going smooth. Was in contact with me throughout the whole process. I will recommend them to everybody. Have no complaints. Very very very satisfied."t"Rated with 5 stars"
364tOriginal review: May 1, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans associates were all very professional and exceeded my expectations for buying our new home. Zach ** was very persistent in getting the home we wanted and everything was done in a timely fashion, especially considering the Pandemic. I would definitely recommend Caliber Home Loans and associates to my family and friends."t"Rated with 5 stars"
365tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"This was my 2nd time using Caliber Home Loans. First was in 2020 when we initially bought our house. Caliber made it happen smoothly and with much transparency. When it was time to refinance, I knew that Caliber is who we would want to go through again and they came through for us again. Very pleased with customer service, communication, and overall experience."t"Rated with 5 stars"
366tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Wendy and the supporting staff made it painless to refinance my mortgage. I recommend Caliber to everyone I know that is shopping for a mortgage company. I will continue using Caliber for all my future mortgage needs. Again Wendy is the best to work with. She even answers her phone at night to field any questions. Great experience."t"Rated with 5 stars"
367tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Brian ** was the Perfect Lending Consultant from start to finish! He was very detailed and to the point of our options, made us feel comfortable and very professional and personable throughout the process! If we could clone him. We would, world class service!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
368tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Many people would not preapprove me and my husband due to our Poor credit scores. My banker at Caliber Home Loans Robin not only made it possible for us to purchase our first home she made herself always available to answer any questions even on weekends. She also explain thoroughly to me and my husband what our monthly rate would look like and all the details of our loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
369tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans has been very professional and efficient in obtaining a mortgage loan for my recent condo purchase. I feel I got the best interest rate currently available. Best of all, the whole process was streamlined during this pandemic for online access for every step including preliminary questionnaires all the way through to online final mortgage document review. I would highly recommend Caliber Home Loans for anyone shopping for a mortgage."t"Rated with 5 stars"
370tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"I received great service from the entire team. They were very responsive and addressed all my concerns and questions in a timely manner. They continued to check in and made sure that all documents were completed correctly which made closing a breeze."t"Rated with 5 stars"
371tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"I was very pleased with your loan process!! Ann ** and her assistant Katie are a delight to work with! Recently I had an insurance claim check that had to be endorsed by Caliber. Caliber makes this process very hard and it was very wasteful of my time. My time is also valuable to me. I realize you have an in house insurance company? I feel as if you don't want to talk to your customers. Fortunately, I found a solution that was efficient for me with no help from Caliber. That said, the Caliber loan process is excellent!"t"Rated with 3 stars"
372tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Excellent team Lena **. Professionally done. Lena is nice polite. Get it done in timely manner. Highly recommended. Had a very, very pleasant experiences with Lena team. Thank you. Thank you very much. I give this team 5 stars for the services. The result tell I can't say enough about this excellent team. Thank you very much again for doing my loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
373tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Caliber has funded my last two mortgages. Super professional and easy to work with. Their loan officers are fantastic and had great communication throughout the process. If I buy another home, I will happily use Caliber again. I also like being able to upload my documents into the secure portal. Makes it easy for everyone."t"Rated with 5 stars"
374tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Daniel was awesome. He always answered the phone or called back within minutes. He answered all my questions without hesitation. The experience was fast and problem free. He kept me well informed prior to me needing information. I would highly recommend him."t"Rated with 5 stars"
375tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"We recently refinanced our home loan with Ann ** from Caliber Home Loans in the Denver, CO metropolitan area. Ann and her team could not have been better. They worked extremely hard on our behalf and made the process go very smoothly. The communication with Ann was exceptional. Ann is a true professional and I would recommend her to anyone who needs a home loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
376tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"The team at Caliber was thorough, professional and ensured an extremely smooth process. They were always one step ahead, leading the way and somehow making us feel as if we were their only client. If you're unsure about choosing Caliber, don't be. You will be in the best of hands."t"Rated with 5 stars"
377tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"I love them and refinanced just so I can work with them again - they are thorough, smart, and make spending money FUN! I really like the payment portal as it makes me in charge but also helps facilitate payment."t"Rated with 5 stars"
378tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans has been an excellent source for our mortgage and this year our refinance. Stefanie ** was excellent! She worked hard to help us with our mortgage and even helped with our buyers when their mortgage financier fell through. Stefanie was amazing, caring, quick and very detailed. We appreciate her customer service and Caliber Home Loans!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
379tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"This was my first time doing a refi so I was very nervous. But the staff at Caliber walked me through the process with care and concern and was always ready and available to answer all my dumb questions. I highly recommend Caliber!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
380tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Bryan ** and Stephanie my loan processor were both amazing. They were responsive, knowledgeable, and personable. It was an excellent experience from start to finish despite some hurdles. I would absolutely recommend Caliber to anyone I knew buying a home."t"Rated with 5 stars"
381tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"We really appreciated the personal attention and consideration we received from Jennifer **. She is an excellent communicator--and a very nice person. Everything went smoothly and according to plan! We are grateful we found Caliber Home Loans and appreciate the hard work they did to make our loan a success."t"Rated with 5 stars"
382tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"The agent was very helpful and able to get me the documents I needed within an hour! I was very impressed by her willingness to help me and the speed with which she fulfilled my request. She was pleasant and well informed. I would definitely recommend Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
383tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Would have been a 5 star, but had to get a manager on the phone to get the payment adjusted to remove the property tax from the monthly payment that underwriting had for the refinancing at closing and the paperwork was submitted multiple times not only by myself but also by the county as well. Otherwise, the this go round really went smoothly compared to the initial closing. I am extremely pleased with the process except for the the payment getting buggered up at the end."t"Rated with 4 stars"
384tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Jennifer ** was our mortgage broker- she helped us every step of the way and answered our many many questions -I highly recommend her to anyone that needs to refinance their home! Many thanks to her! We will use your company again in the future!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
385tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"We had a wonderful experience with Caliber Home Loans. Mark is especially amazing. He has a quick response time. I asked him a million questions and he never got short with me or seemed irritated. It was a really easy and amazing transaction. He made our experience so incredibly easy! I’d refer them to anyone!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
386tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Excellent company. They remained communicative with me throughout the process and were very accurate. They also offered me the best APR rates on a mortgage loan and did everything by the book - kudos to Shalise **, she is a jewel of an employee and so dedicated and sweet. There were times she would be emailing me late at night, meaning she was still working on my loan late at night. Now, that is dedication and hard work. I definitely recommend Caliber Home Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
387tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"I used them for both a VA purchase and an IRRRL refi on a VA loan. Super easy and fair, with the best rates and the lowest fees with no hidden surprises. I would definitely use them again in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
388tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans was great to work with. They were professional, quick, and friendly. Easy to work with. Quick to answer questions and easy to understand Would use again and recommend to friends and family. In fact, a family member recommended them to us."t"Rated with 5 stars"
389tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Dan ** of Caliber Home Loans was a delight to work with! He made the entire process simple and everything went smoothly, from application to closing. I am very pleased with my new loan and would highly recommend Dan and Caliber Home Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
390tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"We received the most professional and humble experience from Winferd. He’s great and very understanding to the needs of his clients. Look forward to many more real estate ventures due to our experience with him. Won’t go to anyone else!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
391tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Matt did our initial home loan and then our refinance, he is absolutely amazing! We continue to have great experiences with Caliber Home Loans. If we ever need anything in the future, this is where we will go! Thank you so much again, Matt!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
392tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"The Caliber team was great to work with. This was our second loan with them, and they have proven to be experts in working complex deals, including our VA loans. Chris ** and his team bent over backwards to get us a rock-bottom rate and help us secure our new home. We couldn't be happier!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
393tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Jolene, Jason and Cary managed my recent refinance of my home. The entire team is professional, knowledgeable and works quickly. They were able to get my loan closed and handled so quickly and efficiently. I recommend this team to all my friends and family. They are absolutely fantastic and give a 5 star customer experience. Thanks so much Messmer Team!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
394tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Caliber and our contact Brad **... Well outstanding and the staff that processed our loan. It isn’t our first loan so we were extremely happy and impressed with how easy this process was. We truly appreciated the ease and swift process afforded us. Jerry & Doris"t"Rated with 5 stars"
395tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Frank and Nicole were great to deal with. Their team is extremely professional and efficient. They were very informative along the process and worked hard to get the deal done for me. I would highly recommend Frank and his team."t"Rated with 5 stars"
396tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Refinancing with Rodney is so easy! Rodney and his team make the whole process flawless. I'm now able to pay a more affordable monthly amount and still take care of my kids' needs. Please let him know that he is great at what he does."t"Rated with 5 stars"
397tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"I have to say honestly I had a very good experience working with Caliber Home Loans. It was very easy. My loan officer Patty was very professional and kind. She really made me feeling she cared and wanted to help me have the best first time home buying experience possible. It was a success. I love my new home and it was stress-free. Thank you soo much Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
398tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"I worked with Joanna on my newest home loan (closed March 2021) and she was awesome. The entire staff was very helpful and made the process less stressful! Great team! I will definitely be using them again for my future home loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
399tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"This is our second refi with Caliber Home Loans and we have had a pleasant experience during both transaction .Every individual throughout the process was knowledgeable and responsive. We highly recommend this company if you want excellent customer service. Thank you."t"Rated with 5 stars"
400tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Lee ** always goes above and beyond to get the best rates and got us two refis for an amazing rate! Lee is involved and is always available to chat. I highly recommend Caliber Home Loans and Lee ** for all of your mortgage needs!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
401tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"First time buyer and clueless about processes but savvy enough to understand sales **. Which came fast and furious from other lenders who courted me in this process. Caliber slowed things down and explained what everything means so I felt in control of what I was agreeing and signing up for. Their rates were excellent, their service exceptional and I couldn't be happier."t"Rated with 5 stars"
402tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Great experience getting a low home loan rate through some unusual obstacles. Good client service and follow-up. Easy loan process. Quick and easy close. Easy loan payment plan with online account review to keep me informed. Would definitely recommend to others."t"Rated with 5 stars"
403tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"Me and my family are extremely happy for the life changing experience provided to us!! Marette was awesome and her assistant Bridgette as well. I'm sure she will find her way up the ladder real quick. We love our home and have zero regrets."t"Rated with 5 stars"
404tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"The Caliber team kept me up to date on the process, timelines, and was readily available to answer my questions. The Caliber team I worked with was very professional and friendly. Steve ** worked hard to get me the best rate and best loan for my refinance. His support team, Celena and Kathy, were just as amazing in all their efforts. I highly recommend Caliber Home Loans!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
405tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"We had an amazing experience with Tim and are grateful for his patience and willingness to explain so much with us. The process was easy and seamless. We highly recommend Tim when buying a home, as he will make sure you are in good hands and have the best experience."t"Rated with 5 stars"
406tOriginal review: April 30, 2021t"I was very pleased with my experience, and would recommend their services in the future. Caliber was efficient with the process and kept me well informed the whole way through. We truly love our beautiful home and appreciate everyone involved."t"Rated with 5 stars"
407tOriginal review: April 29, 2021t"Professional.. Agent was on the ball.. Customer service was attentive and most helpful in getting my wife and I thru the loan application process... Rate was competitive and attractive enough to sign on.. Used both their website and 800# when I needed to chat to clarify any questions that I may have had.. All in all I am happy to b a client of Caliber!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
408tOriginal review: March 28, 2021t"I worked with Marette as a referral."t"Rated with 1 star"
409tOriginal review: March 16, 2021t"Since Caliber Bought the loans from Green tree and Ditech Mortgage with the illegal Insurance charged to force people in Bankruptcy they kept the theft going in 2018. I have been trying to get this issue fixed with Caliber since 2018. They don't care. They are taking my town home that I pay $400 in condo fees with insurance and $400 to Allstate for condo insurance but they charged me over 10K in illegal insurance since 2013. Now I get close on fixing the issue and they sell my mortgage 2021. This will be my 6th new mortgage company since 2013. Will I ever save my home from Insurance criminals and my husband dying of brain cancer. 2021 so fun to be homeless due to accounting errors on PROOF OF CLAIM. DITECH 2018 LAWYERS. 2021 CRIMINALS 100%. GO FUND ME TO PAY OFF CRIMINALS AND CHANNEL 12 NEWS TO HELP."t"Rated with 1 star"
410tOriginal review: March 14, 2021t"My experience with Caliber Home Loans is as follows. My wife and I locked an interest rate on a 30-year loan with the company. We carefully read and signed all preliminary documents, paying careful attention to the fees. Our credit rating of 800+ is excellent, and we have ample assets and income. However, one week before closing, we were told that the underwriters would not approve the loan because my wife is the primary holder on our credit cards (though all accounts have monthly balances of $0, I am an authorized user but not the primary holder). They then told us that they could get us the loan with a 0.125% higher rate. We declined. They then told us they would honor the original rate with a different lender. We agreed. "t"Rated with 1 star"
411tOriginal review: March 3, 2021t"Christine walked me through the whole process, made it seem very easy. Thanks Christine and Scott. I will continue to do business with Caliber Home Loans, and will recommend your loan officers to family and friends. Thank you very much."t"Rated with 5 stars"
412tOriginal review: Feb. 27, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans has absolutely gem team in place. They are good in every aspect of the deal from explaining the terms, helping you choose the right thing and taking the process to finish. Caliber Home Loans has technology in place which helps you simulate your situation or hypothetical scenarios you are interested in. I had a a great experience working with Erez S, and team. He helped me in understanding basics which everyone pretends (customer side) that they know. 100% recommended even if it comes with extra bucks out of your pocket. I personally thank for awesome experience which I never expected. Thank you Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
413tOriginal review: Feb. 24, 2021t"We were on an expedited schedule to close on our new house for property tax purposes. Every lender I got a quote from could not close in time. Danny and the team at Caliber got it done. They are professional, respond to inquiries quickly and are fast."t"Rated with 5 stars"
414tOriginal review: Feb. 24, 2021t"Lisa ** and her team at Caliber were great to work with. They made the home buying process quick and easy! Lisa was able to answer all of our questions and run through different price scenarios with us which was very helpful!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
415tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"I had an excellent experience with this company. Jason ** was my loan officer and helped me the whole way. It was a refinance and he made every deadline and every cost was accurate. I have already referred people to Jason and Caliber because the process was easy, done on time without any problems."t"Rated with 5 stars"
416tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"The Caliber team provides a remarkable level of personalized service, and they are in constant communication about the steps and progress of your loan. This is the second loan we have financed through them and what stands out is the team's commitment to individualized customer service and making the process and smooth and quick as possible."t"Rated with 5 stars"
417tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Leighann ** and her Team (Stephanie & Theresa) were amazing to work with—efficient and available beyond expectations during the craziest market we’ve ever seen. I highly recommend Leighann if you want to work with a team that has your best interests in mind from start to even after closing."t"Rated with 5 stars"
418tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"All of the crew at Caliber Loans were very efficient and timely with getting our home refinanced and saving us money on our monthly payment. Tammy ** particularly stood out because of her knowledge and willingness to provide us multiple options to choose from on our refinance. Thank you Tammy, job well done."t"Rated with 5 stars"
419tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Everything was great from the first time I came in contact with everyone here at this company. They made the process easy and less stressful, I would refer anyone to this company. Thank you for helping me close on my home."t"Rated with 5 stars"
420tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Great service. Ken ** was great to work with. The service team was great. I would recommend them to anyone who needs to get a loan. Pleasure working with them. Great team. Kept me well informed. That's all I have to say about that."t"Rated with 5 stars"
421tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Jaimie and her staff were great! We did everything through the portal and other than the Covid-19 additional requirements the refi of both our primary home and vacation home went very smoothly. We're paying down the principle by the amount we saved on the interest rate! THANKS Caliber!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
422tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Very helpful with process. Sherri ** was timely and knowledgeable of requirements. I would recommend to others. Worked well with VA representative resolving proper qualification criteria. Caliber is great with veteran refinancing issues. I would use them again if the need arises. Highly recommended."t"Rated with 5 stars"
423tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"High closing cost but otherwise helpful with the loan process. The loan officer very helpful. I am a health care worker and would have appreciated the program “The Nurse next door” program that would have helped me to lower the financial cost."t"Rated with 4 stars"
424tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Phil ** and Kirsi are the dream team - they are outrageously organized, communicative, and helpful. Working with them makes the entire mortgage process simple and stress free. I would highly recommend them over anyone out there! Thank you for 5 star service!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
425tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"I’m glad to have Caliber Loans in all my process on buying my house. Yesenia was very helpful in everything that I asked and patient. It was hard but we made it. All the team that was part of this Thank you!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
426tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Thanks for all, I’m very satisfy from the first time we start, Tasha, Albert and rest the team, great lender, they don't quit. Also you call for customer service and respond and answer your questions and help with any situation at moment, very service person."t"Rated with 5 stars"
427tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Great service, very professional, very easy to work with... They answered all our questions and made the Process as easy as possible... I would recommend Caliber to anyone in the process of purchasing a home... THANK YOU Caliber Home Loans!!!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
428tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"It was a pleasure to work with Cissi. I didn't think anyone could get me approved for my home and I almost lost hope. Then I met Cissi and she was able to pull it off! I cannot thank her enough and now we love our new home!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
429tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Due to volume of loans, it took quite a while for our loan to be processed, and the team at Caliber was responsive and supportive. We really appreciate that all of our requests for clarifying information were answered promptly. We are happy with the service we received."t"Rated with 4 stars"
430tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"We had a great experience with Shalise at Caliber Home Loans and would recommend working with her to anyone looking to refinance or purchase a home. We've worked with her several times and she will always be the person we go to for our mortgage needs."t"Rated with 5 stars"
431tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"We have received excellent service from Caliber Home Loans and our loan officer, Megan **. Out of 4 mortgages we have had, the one we have now with Caliber has been the best one. Would highly recommend for new mortgages or refis."t"Rated with 5 stars"
432tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Bruce ** won our business years ago and we followed him to Caliber. He is consistently professional, patient, thorough and above all KNOWLEDGEABLE and truly skilled in his profession. When you find a trusted professional like Bruce, you look no further!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
433tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Excellent to work with and was very helpful in closing of the house. All documents were done electronically which was outstanding compared to the paper method. They were very up to date technology wise with great follow-up from the people that work there."t"Rated with 5 stars"
434tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Jamica and her team were fast and effective at getting my loan approved on time and with the best conditions for me. I usually heard back from Jamica within one hour of leaving a message or sending an email. Her responsiveness kept the process moving swiftly. I highly recommend working with Jamica."t"Rated with 5 stars"
435tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Had a great experience working with Caliber Home Loans, Beth ** was very helpful and knowledgeable and was there to answer any of my questions throughout the entire process. 5/5 stars would recommend this company."t"Rated with 5 stars"
436tOriginal review: Feb. 23, 2021t"Johnny ** was awesome! The process was easy and he took the time to explain everything to us. Johnny helped us save $400 a month! I will recommend Johnny to all my family and friends, he is a pleasure to work with and very knowledgeable!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
437tOriginal review: Feb. 22, 2021t"Poorly executed planning and communication. Expectations for the process were never set at the beginning. No sense of urgency, importance or personal touch in the process. Major miscommunication that jeopardized the transaction in the final 24 hours. I never felt understood as a client. Felt like a mere task, a number and just one more transaction to wrap up. The communication cadence was acceptable. Key steps were loosely mentioned. Online portal is easy for document upload."t"Rated with 2 stars"
438tOriginal review: Feb. 3, 2021t"I had been working with James ** for months on a simple refinance loan. My credit is in the upper 750s, and my banks had over 200K cash available. The refi loan was only 140K on a property in a great location and fully rented. I was told that the loan will get done every month I inquired and so I kept waiting for 4 months, till the end of the 4th month when I kept pressing, they said they can't do it. Because they don't do no-doc loans for a business entity. This could've been brought to my attention 4 months ago but James did not take the time to look at my documents. When I complained to those on the email chain, they all disappeared and stopped responding. Gives you a glimpse of what the service is like. The others whom I worked with on this loan are: Donna ** and James **. They are both at their Reston location."t"Rated with 1 star"
439tOriginal review: Jan. 27, 2021t"There wasn’t a good communication from the loan consultant Juan ** and me, I asked several times the amount I should pay for my down payment and my closing cost, but just one hour before my closing I got it and it was higher than I expected and I can’t do much at that time just pay it. He didn’t gave us the information even when he knew it in advance weeks before. Just an unpleasant experience. Not recommended."t"Rated with 1 star"
440tOriginal review: Jan. 20, 2021t"Ruben ** was outstanding in making the process seamless. He was attentive, informative and very accommodating during these very difficult times. I truly have appreciated his walk-thru approach to this process and I will definitely highly recommend him. If I should ever need any other services your company offers, Mr. ** is the agent I will only work with. He has left an unforgettable impression with me especially because I am very protective of my private financial information."t"Rated with 5 stars"
441tOriginal review: Jan. 15, 2021t"We couldn't have been more surprised and pleased with the level of service and professionalism we received from James ** and his staff at Caliber Home Loans. James was there every step of the way with advice, guidance, and answers for our questions. Being able to utilize their online document access made the whole process feel easy and secure, and we were able to complete our closing right at our home. We were extremely happy with our experience and we highly recommend using Caliber Home Loans for your mortgage needs."t"Rated with 5 stars"
442tOriginal review: Jan. 15, 2021t"I have closed several houses with Jody. She has always made the process smooth and very easy, especially this loan. My husband got very sick during this process and I had to spend a lot of time at the hospital. Jody did everything she could or helped me as much as she could to get this loan transaction completed. I have recommended her to my friends and family and will continue to do so."t"Rated with 5 stars"
443tOriginal review: Jan. 14, 2021t"Your team are very professionals and quick in processing all documentation, especially James. Take time to explain in detail how the process works. Their communication is great. I would not hesitate to work with Caliber Loans again. Thank you. Thank you."t"Rated with 5 stars"
444tOriginal review: Jan. 14, 2021t"We had a really easy and pleasant experience with Caliber Home Loans. We would highly recommend them for their home loan needs. Scott ** was very helpful to our experience. If we ever need another loan, we will definitely use Caliber Home Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
445tOriginal review: Jan. 14, 2021t"Laura ** from the Lewes, De branch was friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, and helped my wife and I get approved and helped us pick a loan best suited for us. Would recommend her to anyone who is looking for a mortgage."t"Rated with 4 stars"
446tOriginal review: Jan. 13, 2021t"Caliber Home Loans handled my refinance in their usual professional, prompt, and competent manner. Steve ** and his staff are true professionals and I wouldn't use anyone else to service my financing needs. I recommend them highly to anyone interested in navigating the confusing world of refinance."t"Rated with 5 stars"
447tOriginal review: Jan. 13, 2021t"Dawn ** and her team were professional, knowledgeable, and supportive. Dawn was always available to answer any and all my questions. At certain points this process was frustrating and stressful, but through it all Dawn gracefully supported me in any way possible. She was direct and sincere when explaining in detail what to expect and how to move forward. I am so grateful for having such a wonderful person walk me through this experience. I hope others have the opportunity to share the same positive and successful home buying process I did. Dawn and her team are the best and I will share and refer this information to all, any chance I get."t"Rated with 5 stars"
448tOriginal review: Jan. 13, 2021t"Excellent and timely communication all the way through. Information was presented clearly and all questions were answered thoroughly whenever they came up. Each person that I dealt with was very helpful, courteous, and professional. Thank you to everyone who was a part of helping with our loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
449tOriginal review: Jan. 13, 2021t"Straightforward, do what say and follow up when needed. I have had two loans with Caliber and I highly recommend them. Thanks caliber. Brian ** from caliber did both of my loans. He does it right the first time and when says it will be done. Thank you Brian"t"Rated with 5 stars"
450tOriginal review: Jan. 13, 2021t"Ryan K. was instrumental in facilitating our new home loan. He called, texted, and emailed numerous times, taking the time to explain anything and everything. His tone was not trite or rehearsed, but was genuinely invested in helping us out with his sound advice and excellent customer care. The whole process was very streamlined and everything was able to be done online which is incredible for people who are very busy. I would recommend Caliber to anyone who is looking for a new home loan or a re-fi as it was a very pleasant, hassle and stress free experience."t"Rated with 5 stars"
451tOriginal review: Jan. 13, 2021t"I would just like to say that Janice with the easiest and most professional person I’ve dealt with in a long time. During the mortgage process she was very easy to reach for questions and right there with responses. I would recommend her and Caliber to anyone. And I definitely would use them again if I needed in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
452tOriginal review: Jan. 13, 2021t"The entire process was painless and stress free. Communication was excellent and tech assistance for this non-tech person was made easy. I wanted the process to go faster, but all worked out just fine in the end. I am happy!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
453tOriginal review: Jan. 13, 2021t"My husband and I worked with Lori. We were recommended by family after a hellish experience with another lender. Lori was dedicated and thorough. She kept us informed every step of the way. She provided us with education when we were confused and answers all 90000 of my questions. She was absolutely amazing. I can’t begin to explain the relief she provided us through the process (new build) and her efforts were nothing less than stellar. I can’t recommend Lori enough!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
454tOriginal review: Jan. 7, 2021t"We are super happy with Caliber Home Loans.... They practically held our hands all the way through the process, with ensigning that had to be done... Gentle reminders, if we got busy and missed the first notice... Any, and I do mean any questions we might have had, were practically answered before asking. Suggestions of what to do, and most definitely, what not to do during the process of buying our home.... So thankful for this, because of it being a first time, we would have unintentionally made some mistakes that might not have been reversed. They are kind, courteous and extremely helpful in any way possible, or needed. They set us up with an app to keep track of the value of our home since buying it, and it has been exciting to read it! I would highly recommend them to anyone!!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
455tOriginal review: Dec. 29, 2020t"Brian and his team were so great to work with! My refi went so smoothly and was so stress-free. I couldn't have asked for a better experience! There was communication throughout the process and I was very impressed with the ease of the transaction. I highly recommend Mr. ** and his team!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
456tOriginal review: Dec. 1, 2020t"The whole team did a great job getting my loan refinanced. Very few issues to work through but all of them were taken care of. I have worked with the team before and was able to seek them out again this time. Thanks for everything."t"Rated with 5 stars"
457tOriginal review: Nov. 30, 2020t"By having the application system pull most of my information it was very easy to complete the application and to get my refinance done. I was very impressed with how seamless and quick the process was completed. Thank you for thinking about how to get the paperwork done effortlessly!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
458tOriginal review: Nov. 30, 2020t"We had not purchased a home in almost 20 years and were wary of the lending and borrowing practices in an unfamiliar state for us. Fortunately Ryan ** with Caliber here in the Portland area was recommended and he responded in a timely way and with excellent professionalism. As we went through the process - found a home unexpectedly, needed to suddenly get approvals, asked for options, decided what to borrow, offered and closed - he and his Caliber team were reliable, knowledgeable, and clear on every detail of the loan. It was so smooth and simple we hesitated to believe it all was done until we moved in and got nothing but the mortgage info and congratulations from Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
459tOriginal review: Nov. 28, 2020t"I would highly recommend Caliber Home Loans! This is the second refinance I have completed during 2020 and both experiences were exemplary. My loan consultant was Charlotte **. She is a pro who also has a great personality. Charlotte and her team are extremely competent and efficient. The communication was ongoing to keep me informed. They were able to answer all questions promptly. I was able to do everything online until the final signing. Customer service comes first and especially during these Covid restrictions, it's even more important. I would highly recommend Caliber for any home loan needs. It was a pleasure to work with them."t"Rated with 5 stars"
460tOriginal review: Nov. 28, 2020t"They repeatedly requested same info. They wanted it from my accountant, then from me, then again from acct, then wanted it reworded, etc. I finally refused to submit docs I already provided. They wasted my time & money."t"Rated with 1 star"
461tOriginal review: Nov. 27, 2020t"We worked with Joshua at Caliber Loans in Bellingham. We originally took a first time homebuyers course from him last year while we were renters looking at our options. Even during a pandemic Josh kept up good communication, answered our questions and helped us understand the process and our options. For a first time homebuyer, and a first time loan applicant I'm very happy with the level of assistance we received. Josh is knowledgeable, kind, courteous, respectful and professional. He knows when to get down to brass tacks and when to crack a joke. Thank you Caliber and Joshua for all your help!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
462tOriginal review: Nov. 27, 2020t"Our experience was great. Jenine ** was knowledgeable and had great communication. She made the home buying experience easy. Kept us up to date on all paperwork. We would use them again. We highly recommend using Caliber Home Loans for your home buying."t"Rated with 5 stars"
463tOriginal review: Nov. 26, 2020t"Caliber Home Loans has been a mostly a wonderful experience. My loan consultant has been very helpful and prompt. The whole process seemed streamlined and made being a first time home buying a very pleasant experience. I still gave them five stars but there is some concerns with their customer service phone line and supposed online bill pay. When you call by phone it’s nearly impossible to find a menu option that will allow you to talk to an actual human if you have questions. Once I found this option and selected it, I was hung up on twice while on hold. "t"Rated with 5 stars"
464tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2020t"The people at Caliber help to make my home purchase a very stress free transaction by being, considerate, available, professional and overall caring. I would highly recommend Dan and his team to anyone looking for financing their home purchase or re-finance needs."t"Rated with 5 stars"
465tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2020t"Everything we asked our rep from Caliber Home Loans to do was taken care of in such a timely manner and with such care, my wife and I were a little taken aback. Our rep's name was Andrea ** and I have already recommended using her and her company for their home loan needs on several occasions."t"Rated with 5 stars"
466tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2020t"I had a great experience working with Khalisa ** and Alyssa ** throughout my entire home buying experience. They were both extremely responsive and patient with me as I navigated this process for the first time. Having a team that I knew I could rely on for help and information, gave me the confidence I needed to complete my home purchase. I will definitely be using them again, when the time comes to buy another house and would give the Caliber team my full endorsement, to anyone looking for a trustworthy loan consultant."t"Rated with 5 stars"
467tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2020t"She was wonderful to work with. Highly knowledgeable! Very professional. Made the home buying process very easy!!! Will use her again and again. A pleasure meeting and becoming a friend of hers. She is the best!!! Very happy with Caliber Home Loans!!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
468tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2020t"Very professional & easy to work with. We just finished our 2nd closing w/ Caliber Loans in the past 12 mos. Everything went smoothly. Tim ** is knowledgeable, accommodating & a pleasure to work with. Would definitely call Caliber for future loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
469tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2020t"I worked with Angelica ** and Diego **'s team. This team was the one that helped me to get my first mortgage and home. They are helpful and they would be there to answer any question regarding your mortgage. Knowledgeable team."t"Rated with 5 stars"
470tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2020t"Caliber helped me finance my first home purchase and was there with the support I needed every step of the way. Clay worked with me to get me the best possible rate on the loan that best suited my needs. Clay was super responsive and always had time to answer my questions and discuss decisions with me. Would definitely recommend Caliber!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
471tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2020t"Sterling was amazing throughout my mortgage experience. She was honest professional and helpful. I would use her again over and over. Those are the kind of people that you want to continue to work with as she was genuine."t"Rated with 5 stars"
472tOriginal review: Nov. 25, 2020t"I cannot say enough good things about Caliber Home Loans. Melissa ** is a rockstar. She was available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. She was incredibly responsive and professional. She made our first time home buying experience pleasant, exciting, and easy. She even helped us close early, which is quite a feat in Seattle right now."t"Rated with 5 stars"
473tOriginal review: Nov. 23, 2020t"Shannon ** and Caliber Home Loans did an amazing job guiding us through stressful process of buying a home. The Caliber team was ready for any hiccup that came our way. We had some bumps in the road on the way and Shannon did an amazing job mitigating every issue. I would recommend them again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
474tOriginal review: Nov. 9, 2020t"I can't thank Michael ** enough. I know we had a tough situation but he helped us work through the process especially with the underwriter and was able to get the Loan approved and closed. I would not use anyone else for a Mortgage or have any friends or family use anyone else!! Thank you again!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
475tOriginal review: Nov. 3, 2020t"Mary ** helped us navigate process in truly expert fashion. Mary ** understands entire system, and coached us to quickly provide essential documentation, resulting in expeditious approval of our order. Mary ** was always available for clarifications or questions. This is 3rd mortgage Mary ** helped us with."t"Rated with 5 stars"
476t"Original review: Oct. 30, 2020"t"Team setting up loan is great and knowledgeable. But they are a totally different team than who helps you once loan made. Actual IT Management if paying loan etc. terrible. Difficult to get in touch, difficult To reach customer service. Issues are not resolved. Maybe I expected better as a first time homeowner but really fell off a cliff in terms of upfront help and support compared to Now."t"Rated with 1 star"
477t"Original review: Oct. 30, 2020"t"Caliber Home Loans was competent and efficient during the borrowing process, however they do not seem interested in maintaining communication with their customers after the closing occurred. I called several times to ask questions regarding the selling of my mortgage, yet no one bothered to return my calls. Caliber still services my mortgage so they should have an interest in their customers. It seems to me that Caliber is done once the closing has been completed. This is disappointing and I would seriously not consider using this company in the future."t"Rated with 3 stars"
478t"Original review: Oct. 29, 2020"t"Lori ** from Caliber is the consummate professional. During the purchase of my home, she guided me through the process; she was careful to explain each step of the purchase. She is responsive, thorough and resourceful. I would highly recommend Lori to first time buyers as well as those seasoned in the purchasing of real estate."t"Rated with 5 stars"
479t"Original review: Oct. 25, 2020"t"I would really appreciate someone from Caliber’s upper management to reach out to because I am beyond displeased and frustrated with the team I’ve been working with and my situation. I have waited long enough to allow Caliber to make this right, but have been given nothing, not even the time of day to be given a fair consideration. Everything seemed to be good up until closing. Then, after everyone realized I was not going to receive my first time homebuyers credit, because it’s not a reimbursement (as Caliber told me), but actually done leading up to closing, Caliber conveniently washed their hands of any sense of responsibility and just straight up did not care one bit about the situation they put me in. I can’t even get a response now. "t"Rated with 1 star"
480t"Original review: Oct. 18, 2020"t"Caliber was willing to work with and find solutions to our unique circumstances so we could qualify for a home loan. Always prompt and quick with email responses, always professional and on task. Great team work, got the job done and were always available to speak to with any concerns. Thank you Caliber!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
481t"Original review: Oct. 17, 2020"t"At the suggestion of my financial advisor, I contacted two firms about re-financing my vacation home. Caliber was the first to respond so I decided to work with them. The process was smooth and handled professionally. David was quick to respond to my emails and answer questions, even after normal business hours. This was a great experience overall."t"Rated with 5 stars"
482t"Original review: Oct. 17, 2020"t"When mortgage rates began coming down I called Tristen ** working in the Lake Oswego, Oregon Caliber office. She came to our home and collected all the data necessary to put together a re-fi quote for my wife and I. We were impressed with her mortgage knowledge and ""get to it"" attitude. We went for her Caliber bid and worked closely with her wonderful team of Vince and Anne to conclude the process. They all get 5 stars."t"Rated with 5 stars"
483t"Original review: Oct. 16, 2020"t"I refinanced my old mortgage with Caliber Home Loans and Frank ** team made it easy to do and was both courteous and thorough. The loan was completed within the time frame that Frank gave me. It went through without a hitch."t"Rated with 5 stars"
484t"Original review: Oct. 16, 2020"t"My wife and I recently completed a mortgage refinance loan with Caliber Home Loans. We are absolutely pleased with the Outstanding Service that Caliber Home Loans extended to us throughout the entire mortgage loan process. The Mike ** Team- Caliber Home Loans Mortgage Team from Everett, WA; facilitated the complexities of the Refinance Mortgage Loan and provided us with Exemplary Customer Service. Caliber Home Loans and The Mike ** Team are ""Second to None"" and provide their Clients with Outstanding Customer Care and Support. THANK YOU ALL!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
485t"Original review: Oct. 16, 2020"t"The Caliber staff was friendly and helpful throughout the process. The original quoted interest rate was honored. When all was in order, the closing went smoothly with the Title company, Century Title. I would recommend Caliber to my friends, family and colleagues."t"Rated with 5 stars"
486t"Original review: Oct. 16, 2020"t"My loan consultant Brenda ** was amazing! She is very knowledgeable, fast acting, reliable and a pleasure to work with. Brenda answered all of our questions, was very responsive and overall the best loan consultant we have ever worked with. I especially love that she is clear, concise and great with numbers. We felt like she had our best interest in mind the entire way through. Caliber is easy to work with and their online system is simple to use and informative. I would highly recommend Caliber and Brenda **! Thank you so very much. Happy customers here!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
487t"Original review: Oct. 15, 2020"t"Melissa was a truly amazing lender. She was so prompt with calls and information, explained things carefully and to the point. She helped us find the best products for our home buying experience, including some from our own bank to combine with the ones she offered. I recommend her highly and without reservation!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
488t"Original review: Oct. 15, 2020"t"Tammie ** is the best. She helped obtain the original loan and this refi. She makes everything simple and quick. We love that our loan isn't sold many times over with Caliber. If the needs arises, we will definitely choose Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
489t"Original review: Oct. 14, 2020"t"We worked with Dawn ** on our refi. Though there were some bumps along the way, Dawn and her team were professional, responsive and dedicated to the client at all times. After funding, we have been unable to sign up for our Caliber online account. I called CS and she said someone would call me back but I have not spoken to anyway yet. Then I received an email survey about my call with the CS rep and that didn't work either. Too many technical issues! Sigh."t"Rated with 5 stars"
490t"Original review: Oct. 14, 2020"t"I was very fortunate to have Jennifer ** as my loan representative. Due to the fact I lived in Texas at the time and the home I purchased was in California, she went out of her way to assist me with the loan process. As I am elderly, it was nice to not be looked down on, and given help whenever I needed it. I would highly recommend her to anyone who needs to obtain a loan and a refinance. She was wonderful."t"Rated with 5 stars"
491t"Original review: Oct. 13, 2020"t"If you will be refinancing soon, I suggest you use Caliber Home Loans. The team I worked with made the process smooth and easy. They were so responsive whenever I had a question. I was uncertain about going through the process of refinancing as my past experiences had been nightmares. I am very happy with my experience with Caliber. The process was fast and easy. I would highly recommend this company especially Christi and Josh who were with us through the entire process."t"Rated with 5 stars"
492t"Original review: Oct. 13, 2020"t"The process was done in a timely manner by Stephen **. He was very thorough with explaining everything to me and made me very comfortable with the process. I had not bought a home in almost 20 years and things have change dramatically."t"Rated with 5 stars"
493t"Original review: Oct. 13, 2020"t"I was very pleased with the services I received from Caliber Home Loans. The process was made very easy through their portal to upload necessary financial documents for mortgage approval. My representative Janice ** was extremely professional courteous and helpful with any questions that arose ad-hoc. I would highly recommend them."t"Rated with 5 stars"
494t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Working with Caliber on our refi makes it easy to highly recommend them. They are professional, informative, responsive, and easy to work with from initial contact to completion. They even anticipated our needs. We highly recommend them for any home loan needs!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
495t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Experience with mortgage broker was impeccable but the back office was horrendous. I was provided with inaccurate information as well as requesting for redundant information multiple times. This is my fourth loan with Caliber and process on the backend is slipping BIG time. I am available to discuss further in detail if interested."t"Rated with 2 stars"
496t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Things were very easy and smooth. Good communication with my Caliber reps. The document submission and document review and approval process was really easy. I do not have any complaints and would recommend using them to a friend or family member."t"Rated with 5 stars"
497t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I didn’t think homeownership was a possibility for our family. However, Caliber made it possible. There were minor hiccups when the individual I started the process was no longer there. But overall we were happy with the services and professionalism. Definitely would recommend this lender."t"Rated with 5 stars"
498t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"During this challenging time, John and his team made our decision to Re-Fi understandable and relaxing. We felt heard, and we trusted John on this action. Caliber has been a dependable company for our mortgage needs and we will be staying with them for the foreseeable future. Our biggest feedback is to synchronize the digital products--apps, etc.--at Caliber to ensure they're somewhat more user-friendly. Otherwise, a solid company."t"Rated with 4 stars"
499t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"There's nothing like the service provide by Phil ** and his team a Caliber. Phil made sure I didn't have to follow up - it was him or his team keeping me informed! Plus, he did all the math to make sure I was getting the best deal, reaching out when the market changed in my favor when it came time to refi. That's unusual and outstanding!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
500t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Caliber Home Loans, and David ** in particular, have been amazing to work with and I would HIGHLY recommend both to any and all home buyers. They explained everything to me clearly and helped me purchase and secure my first home. Thank you so much!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
501t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"As a small business owner during Covid-19 concerns Caliber stayed with the lengthy process to completion. Which is why I chose Caliber - Their representative gave me the confidence to go through with it. Very glad that I did! Thank you for your help."t"Rated with 5 stars"
502t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I was pleased to work with Lana ** at Caliber Home Loans. She was super nice and very knowledgeable and helpful. She answered all the questions we had, even if we asked the same questions multiple times, she explained it to us again. Thank you so much Lana. I would recommend Lana and caliber home loans to everyone. Great work team."t"Rated with 5 stars"
503t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I'd like to thank Terry ** and all his team for all the help and assistance they provided in my home buying experience. They were all very helpful, informative and most importantly very understanding. They answered every question I had in a timely manner."t"Rated with 5 stars"
504t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I have already recommended Caliber Home Loans to my family and friends and wanted to make the same recommendation to anyone reading this review! They were extremely knowledgeable and communicative about the whole process setting expectations along the way. They are patient with first time home buyers, I know I asked some questions over and over again to ensure I understood. They were prompt to respond and always matched my level of excitement or disappointment. They offered a competitive closing timeline to make my offer more desirable and worked hard to meet it. They also made personal outreach phone calls for every offer we made. They are passionate about their work and it makes for a great experience all around."t"Rated with 5 stars"
505t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Matt ** was amazing! Caliber Loans was quick, easy and all went smoothly. Wells Fargo could not offer cash back on an investment property refinance and their rates were too high. Caliber loans got me a super low rate and cash back! Refinance today with Caliber Loans."t"Rated with 5 stars"
506t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"We have used Caliber Home, multiple times from refinancing to buying our 2nd home and are always extremely satisfied. Mark ** is a great person to work with and we will continue to recommend Mark and Caliber to all our friends and family."t"Rated with 5 stars"
507t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I have a friend who recently purchased a home and their negative experience really opened my eyes to how much of a difference your mortgage company and broker can make. Eric ** and his team at Caliber are AMAZING to work with. I just finished a refinance on my first home and it was so refreshing to be able to work with the same person who talked me through buying it the first time. They are knowledgeable, responsive, and really will help you find the best solution for your circumstances. "t"Rated with 5 stars"
508t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"My experience with Caliber Home Loans was always absolutely perfect! I received the original loan through Caliber, and recently easily conducted the loan refinance to take advantage of the new lower rates. Both processes were absolutely straight-forward and came through early without a single glitch. I especially appreciated how my Caliber agency conducted weekly status calls to let me know how the original loan process was going. I have heard nightmare stories from friends regarding their home loan process with some other lender. None of that happened to me! Everything went smoothly and the home purchase went through exactly as planned. WOW!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
509t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Steve was amazing and was great throughout the process. A wealth of knowledge and made the process/discussions simple. I highly recommend Steve for any mortgage. He will simplify the entire flow and make it extremely simple for you all in a timely manner."t"Rated with 5 stars"
510t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Caliber Home Loans and Tasha F’s team was fantastic. Any time I had a question they responded right away. There was never a time I felt alone or out of the loop while doing paperwork or awaiting approval. Tasha and her team were extremely helpful. I will be referring all of my friends to this caliber home loan team! Thanks again!! Keep it up!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
511t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"This is the third home we have purchased using Caliber Home Loans as our lender, and Dave ** as our mortgage agent. Caliber is everything I could ask for in a lender. Their website is clear, concise, easy to navigate. Whether it be setting up a payment schedule or looking for tax statements, it's quick and easy. Dave ** is in my opinion, is an absolute Rock Star! His knowledge regarding mortgages, loans, interest rates, market movements, current state and near term trends is without parallel. He has been in the industry for a very long time and it shows. Do yourself a favor, when you are shopping for a mortgage, give Dave ** at Caliber Home Loans a call. You will be glad you did."t"Rated with 5 stars"
512t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Refinance 30 yr home loan to take advantage of lower interest rate. Paperwork still arriving. All work and verbal advice was greatly appreciated and I'm looking forward to receiving final documents from my bank."t"Rated with 5 stars"
513t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Caliber made the process of getting a loan commitment so easy and getting a quick closing should have have been a given. Problems with the sellers kept pushing set closing dates back. Caliber stuck with us, even though they had to submit closing docs numerous times. They treated us with kindness, and efficiently handled all our problems. I recommend Caliber Home Loans. They deserve a 10 out of 10 rating!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
514t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Joseph ** was exceptional in keeping us updated during the stressful purchase of a home, got us a fabulous interest rate lock and helped walk us through the process at every step. Recommended 100%. Can’t stress enough how we would recommend Caliber Home Loans to friends and family."t"Rated with 5 stars"
515t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"We were very happy with our experience working with Caliber Home Loans. The loan process was very efficient and stress free. Our loan officer was very easy to work with and guided us every step of the process. The Title and Loan Closing staff were very easy to work with. We would highly recommend!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
516t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Truly had a great experience from the beginning. When we had questions with our loan officer, he was easy to get ahold of, professional and very friendly. The website makes it easy to look at your account and pay your mortgage. Been very pleased and would use for any future home."t"Rated with 5 stars"
517t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I continue to use Will ** for all our purchasing and refinancing with multiple properties due to his outstanding customer service, expertise, and genuine care to ensure all our questions are answered. Would highly recommend and will absolutely use again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
518t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Caliber made refinancing a painless and fast process. From my initial inquiry to closing was only about a month! We are so happy with the service provided and Cameron ** was the absolute best! I highly recommend refinancing with him and his team."t"Rated with 5 stars"
519t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Well I'm not the easiest customer, but Daniel ** and all involved with the purchase of the house and loan agreement and payments. Caliber Home Loans went the extra mile to all possible for me to purchase my new home and within reason. Thank you very much."t"Rated with 5 stars"
520t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Tasha and Al were great to work with in all aspects of the loan process and saved me thousands more than other finance companies and banks would have. We had a lot of hurdles to get over but they made it happen in the end and I couldn't be happier. I'd recommend them to anyone that's looking for a great finance company that will not only look out for you as a consumer but as a person.. Thanks Tasha and Al."t"Rated with 5 stars"
521t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I was assisted with my application and loan process by Ileana who was professional and helpful throughout! She was great with answering questions and getting back to me quickly. I would highly recommend her and Caliber to anyone looking for a home loan. Everything done timely and correctly. Great experience overall."t"Rated with 5 stars"
522t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I worked with Beth ** and I could not have been any happier with how the whole transaction went. From the first email to the day I actually signed the contracts.  She did an amazing job. Look forward to doing business with her and your company again in the future. Thanks."t"Rated with 5 stars"
523t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Melanie ** and her team are amazing. I highly recommend them for refinancing or home purchase. Melanie also helped my daughter get into her first home at 21 years old. I will use Melanie for my upcoming home purchase next year. Thank you again."t"Rated with 5 stars"
524t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Unable to pay my mortgage online. The password reset does not have link to change password. Please fix my password so I can pay online. Reset my password that is lock----Unlock my password. Let me know when you finish resetting my password and when you send me the link."t"Rated with 1 star"
525t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I was very satisfied with the timeliness at which the local team was able to but my refi through. They were always available for questions. Having the ability to do an electronic signature saved time and paperwork on my part. I would recommend Caliber to a friend."t"Rated with 5 stars"
526t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"I’m not sure I’m supposed to publicly disclose the terms of my agreement but wow! I’m so grateful for Caliber Home Loans and the blessing of an affordable mortgage, secure rate, and friendly experience! They’ve gained a lifetime customer! Thanks Caliber."t"Rated with 5 stars"
527t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Thanks for the amazing experience in the process of buying a home. Definitely will tell my friends to use you guys if they need to by a house. You were thorough in explaining the processes and very helpful. We love our home and just want to thank you."t"Rated with 5 stars"
528t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Wil and his team are great, an excellent customer service!!! I will recommend them for loan applications or any other service related in Miami Dade!!!! Competent and compassionate with their work. Thank you guys for all your help."t"Rated with 5 stars"
529t"Original review: Oct. 12, 2020"t"Caliber Home Loans process was very easy compared to Bank of America's. It was very smooth and took a total of 2 weeks to get finalized. They even shopped the homeowners insurance for me. Absolute pleasure to business with and am recommending them to everyone."t"Rated with 5 stars"
530t"Original review: Oct. 9, 2020"t"If I could, I'd give Caliber -5 stars. When I bought my home, the interest rate was 4% which was high at the time. I was told that because I hadn't yet sold my existing home, my new home was considered a second home. When I sold my first home, Caliber wouldn't refinance and lower my rate. I recast my loan and had to pay $250.00. I'm still at 4%, while the current rate is around 2.5% and they refuse to refinance. October 2020, they increased my monthly payment with no explanation, and they are impossible to contact. STAY AWAY from Caliber. You have been warned!"t"Rated with 1 star"
531t"Original review: Oct. 4, 2020"t"Since it was during COVID19 quarantine, everything was handled electronically. It was a pretty smooth process. I did not feel like Caliber put me through any unnecessary hoops. Brian ** was excellent to work with. He explained everything and promptly answered all my questions."t"Rated with 5 stars"
532t"Original review: Oct. 2, 2020"t"Steve and his team are top notch! Steve was always there to answer my questions and made the mortgage process as easy as possible. Definitely would not have wanted to buy my first home with anyone else and will recommend him to everyone looking to buy a new home or refinance!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
533t"Original review: Oct. 1, 2020"t"Very devious in their promises, versus what they actually provide in their loan details! Make sure you read over the details very closely, because they'll likely differ from what they verbally offered! Then look elsewhere!"t"Rated with 1 star"
534t"Original review: Oct. 1, 2020"t"Deanna ** and her staff were so good previously taking care of us that when we recently refinanced we looked to her again for her services. We were not disappointed! She exceeded our expectations and we will continually refer her to all we know that may need her services too."t"Rated with 5 stars"
535t"Original review: Sept. 28, 2020"t"Carla and Amber were very helpful with the entire process. Anytime I had any questions Carla was there to help me out in any way. This Caliber team really treats you like family and make sure that this process is as seamless as possible."t"Rated with 5 stars"
536t"Original review: Sept. 25, 2020"t"Caliber Home Loans is Amazing! We bought a house in June 2019 and had the best experience we've ever had buying a house. So easy and we were updated throughout the entire process. They took great care of us. We decided to refinance in July 2020 after discussing our options with Cody. Again, the best experience. Just so easy and they took care of everything! Underwriting was backed up and we were continually updated on the status. We highly recommend Caliber Home Loans!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
537t"Original review: Sept. 24, 2020"t"As a first-time homebuyer, I was naturally very nervous about who to use in my home purchasing process. Looking back now I cannot express how lucky I feel to have had Marion and her team helping me. Everything from the first call I had, through all my purchasing options, and even down to the day of closing my agent Cyrella ** was by my side. I couldn't have asked for a better team for other first-home buyers, and Move with Marion carries my highest recommendations."t"Rated with 5 stars"
538t"Original review: Sept. 24, 2020"t"This is 2nd time I deal with Caliber, and the experience was excellent. Everything was handled online, document upload was very convenient. I especially like the automatically loan status update emails. I would definitely recommend to my family and friends."t"Rated with 5 stars"
539t"Original review: Sept. 23, 2020"t"Dean and Joy were a Great Team to work with. I would recommend them to everyone. Very Professional and they keep you informed through out the process. They help me when I didn't understand some issues. They were available anytime that we needed them. Great Job Team!!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
540t"Original review: Sept. 23, 2020"t"We had an incredible time working with Caliber Home Loans. They were always willing to help us with questions and helped move the home loan process move along steadily and in a great timeframe. They were professional and kind and we felt taken care of in the midst of our first home buying process. We absolutely recommend them to anyone going through the loan process whether the first time or the 10th time!"t"Rated with 5 stars"
541t"Original review: Sept. 23, 2020"t"I enjoyed working with Caliber Home Loans because they made refinancing easy. From document uploads, providing info, setting up appointments. I can't remember spending more than five minutes through the whole process. They make it easy, they are quick to respond and are very courteous. I will be using Caliber Home Loans again in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
542t"Original review: Sept. 23, 2020"t"Recently remortgaged my loan. Was a smooth and uneventful transaction. They gave me a fairly great rate, and the fee was reasonable. I would recommend them to my friends and family or to others who may need their services."t"Rated with 5 stars"
543t"Original review: Sept. 22, 2020"t"Wonderful experience as we all dealt with the restrictions of the pandemic. Dealing remotely with the various parties involved was not an issue and I look forward to meeting the ""ranks of the faceless"" at some point."t"Rated with 5 stars"
544t"Original review: Sept. 22, 2020"t"I was very impressed with Mark. He was very quick, knowledgeable and listened to our needs and wants. He worked very quickly and knew when to lock us into the lowest possible rate at the right time. This was very easy and we are much better off with our refinance. Thanks to Mark."t"Rated with 5 stars"
545t"Original review: Sept. 22, 2020"t"Gary provided me with exceptional customer service and professional guidance in securing the right loan that was within my budget. I am impressed by the patience Gary had when I am asking questions. I am a first time home buyer and he guided me through the process seamlessly. Thanks Gary."t"Rated with 5 stars"
546t"Original review: Sept. 21, 2020"t"Greg ** was really great to work with. He was very personal and explained everything really well. He went through all our options in depth so we felt like we chose exactly what we wanted for our refinance. I especially liked the spreadsheet he created to simplify the process. I will be recommending Greg to anyone I know that needs a home loan in the future."t"Rated with 5 stars"
547t"Original review: Sept. 21, 2020"t"From the beginning to the end the service was great and any issues or things I didn't understand they walked me through them, I am very happy with the experience. Very smooth process, any questions were answered in a quick and timely manner."t"Rated with 5 stars"
548t"Original review: Sept. 21, 2020"t"The people that I dealt with at Caliber Home Loans were professional, friendly and very informative. They made sure that I understood the process from beginning to end, they left no stone unturned. They made it very simple, convenient and easy."t"Rated with 5 stars"
549t"Original review: Sept. 21, 2020"t"I recently completed a re-finance loan with Caliber Home loans. Loan Officers Cindy ** and Dereck ** were both extremely knowledgeable, courteous, prompt, and  professional in assisting me throughout the process. I would recommend Caliber Home loans to anyone seeking a refinance loan."t"Rated with 5 stars"
